*This is a Work in Progress, everything is subject to change*

Otto: [――This is a report on the damage caused by the attack of the flying dragons.]

Emilia lowered her eyebrows painfully at Otto's explanation as he tapped the documents close at hand.

The Fortress City of Guaral had been hit by a "flying dragon cataclysm"―― Several days had passed with them repairing the city and dealing with the injured, until it could be said that things had settled down for the moment, the results of which had thereafter become clear.

 From Emilia's point of view, the city was in a terrible state

The splendid defensive wall that surrounded the city had been destroyed, and the numerous boulders dropped from high were still scattered around the city. The damage to the buildings was extensive; less than half of them have survived unscathed. A fair number of people had died, and the house where Emilia and her group were sleeping, with its second floor collapsed, was one where its residents who’d returned were gone.

Emilia: [If only…]

If only they had rushed there just a little bit sooner.

Such regrets kept poking at Emilia's chest like sharp needles; however――

Otto: [It’s pointless to suppose whether we could have rushed here earlier, so let’s quit with that.]

Otto was able to read Emilia's thoughts, but he cut her off immediately. Emilia’s face dropped at his sharpness, but Otto gave a curt nod with his chin, indicating the outside of the window.

Otto: [Back then, the reason we allowed this to take priority was that a group of flying dragons passed by us overhead. Without that, we wouldn't have had the option to hurry. In other words…]

Emilia: [In other words?]

Otto: [ There was nothing we could have done to prevent it, you know. It's a matter of cause and effect. You can’t have one without the other. It would be irrational to worry about that.]

Emilia gave Otto a strained smile as he slowly shook his head while explaining that.

His opinion felt like he’d read what Emilia truly felt inside, and that in itself, was of no surprise. Otto was a very good judge of people, so that was normal for him.

On top of that, she imagined Otto’s words to her were his way of consoling her.

He told her that worrying about "what if" stories was not a constructive consideration. 

And so Emilia was convinced, however――

Petra: [But, the issue lies with how you said it. I hate the way you put it.]

Petra turned her face away in a huff looking really upset.

Sitting in a chair in front of Emilia, Petra was in the middle of combing her bright brown hair and polishing her usual cuteness. This role was one Emilia had been entrusted with lately, but Petra’s attitude of never skimping out on taking care of herself, even during their journey, was one that always left her impressed.

She must have been exhausted from running around the city yesterday, but now that a new day had come, she was properly rebuilding herself into a new self.

That too was a boon of Petra's awareness of her position and sense of responsibility.

After all, she was――

Otto: [――To hear that from our Mistress, Lady Petra, is very upsetting.]

As Otto remarked, Petra organized Emilia's group as the "Daughter of the House".

――Emilia's group had entered the Vollachian Empire in search of Subaru and Rem, who had disappeared.

After many twists and turns and various hardships, they arrived at the Empire, but as they had expected, it was difficult to cross the border by regular means, and they ended up smuggling themselves into the country.

In doing so, they had to use aliases and fabricate a false story about the purpose of their journey, since things would get worse if Emilia and Roswaal's true identities were discovered.

As a result, Emilia was assigned the role of "Emily" the escort’s guardian, and the ones she had to protect were――

Emilia: [Lady Petra and Lady Beatrice.]

Otto: [The sole reason we came to the empire was to restore Lady Beatrice's health… and in fact, it's a goal that will be fulfilled once we collect our real destiny, so it's not entirely a lie.]

Petra: [I understand, but somehow…you know it’s fine after all.]

Otto: [I would be worried if you stopped me in the middle, so it would be better if you just told me.]

Petra: [Is that so? Someone like Otto-san, does not see anything wrong with the Master?]

Otto: [I knew I should not have asked…!]

Emilia hastily retracted the words she was about to say as Otto held his head in his hands.

Otto appeared to be very uncomfortable, but Emilia thought Roswaal's intelligence was very dependable. So it was very encouraging to see two of the smartest people in the camp thinking alike.

Although it seemed that saying that would cause Otto to suffer even more.

Anyhow――

Emilia: [The number of injured people in the city has also been reduced a lot in part due to Garfiel.]

Otto: [That is, without a doubt, true, and I think it is a credit to Lady Petra, Frederica-san, and of course you, Emily, for helping out.]

At Otto's nodded response, Emilia could finally release the tension in her cheeks.

Garfiel's hard work, and Frederica and Petra's help, all made Emilia proud. It was a struggle of which she and of which her dear friends could be very proud of.

Emilia: [Otto-kun did a reaaally good job of talking with Zikr-san and the others, too.]

Otto: [Fortunately, Zikr-san was a person who was able to understand what we were talking about, so the difficulties were minimal. I am also grateful to Mizelda-san, who happened to run into him and was able to talk him through everything.]

Petra: [Otto-san's face is Mizelda-san’s favorite, isn't it?]

Otto: [I have never had someone be so open about something like that, so I was quite perplexed.]

Otto lightly smiled at Petra, who held up a small fist and smiled at him.

Mizelda, with whom Emilia also exchanged words, is a very strong and kind woman. She has been kind to them from the beginning of their acquaintance and given them much consideration.

Although she wonders why Otto and Garfiel are treated differently.

Emilia: [I know she likes Otto-kun's face, but Garfiel is cute, too…]

Petra: [Maybe it's because Garf-san often has wrinkles between his eyebrows and on his nose. Also, perhaps it’s because he is annoyed at being separated from Ram nee-sama.]

Otto: [...I am not going to say anything at all.]

Petra, placing her finger properly on her own shapely nose, commented on Garfiel.

Emilia thought that Garfiel's changing facial expressions were also charming, so she wanted Mizelda to look at Garfiel more properly.

All such digressions aside――

Emilia: [But if the city's cleanup is done…]

Otto: [Yes.]

Otto nodded at Emilia's words and looked out the window again. Ahead of Otto's gaze was the face of the city, standing still despite the damage ――City Hall.

Gathering there are the influential people of the Fortified city of Guaral.

In other words――

Otto: [Finally, I think we can start talking about moving forward.]

And as Otto said, the discussion began.

△▼△▼△▼△

Garfiel: [Hey, ya never thanked me, Pops.]

Ascending the walls of the half-destroyed city, Garfiel called out to the back of the previous visitor.

Frankly, it was not someone he wanted to call out to, but it would feel like a defeat to turn around as soon as he saw his back, so defeating him overcame the disgust.

Why should one of them turn back in the first place?

If someone cannot handle the awkwardness and runs back home, it should be the other person rather than yourself.

With that in mind, those were the first words that made him sound like a punk――

???: [――tsk.]

Garfiel immediately regretted his choice when the reply was a resounding click of the tongue.

As a result of his stubbornness, he experienced a more unpleasant experience. In his head, Otto's reaction was " Well, of course". 

Even if he didn't, he still wouldn't like them.

Although Garfiel was not present when this previous visitor was disrespectful to his people in person, the story he heard later was more than enough to make him dislike the guy.

That had been Garfiel's unflappable impression of Heinkel Astrea.

Heinkel: [――――]

Heinkel, in light leather armor with a fine sword at his hip, was standing guard.

However, Garfiel decided that this was more of a pretense to cover up for being bored and having nowhere to go, rather than an upstanding desire to keep the peace in the city.

The liquor wafting from his back and the empty liquor bottles lying around him were proof of that.

Heinkel, who apparently had distinguished himself in the flying dragon disaster, suffered a painful defeat against one of the "Nine Divine Generals.].

Nevertheless, the adept Schult had a lot to say in defense of Heinkel, but Utakata was frank: [He didn't have a clue.] which was probably the truth.

As evidence of this, Heinkel was one of the most severely injured people that Garfiel had to deal with as he went around performing healing magic on the wounded. He had been severely wounded, and without Garfiel's healing magic, he would probably still be bedridden.

Garfiel: [Is that a click of the tongue a substitute for a thanks? Wow, that's different from the common sense that my amazin’ self knows, oi!]

Garfiel was spitefully so, even considering the other party's circumstances.

Garfiel, too, had experienced defeat. He understood how frustrating it was, so he had not wished to harp on the fact that he was defeated in a particularly bad way.

However, if the other party refused to be polite, Garfiel was tempted to at least express some displeasure. And Garfiel did not have a good impression of Heinkel.

Garfiel: [This is the Empire. There may be some common sense my amazin’ self doesn't know ‘bout, but… you're from the kingdom, ain’t’cha? Besides, you're the father of the Sword Saint, right?]

Heinkel: [――――]

Garfiel: [As my amazin’ self said, you're a tough son of a bitch. Ya would think that if somebody were that strong, he would have great parents, but ya didn't even have the decency to be polite――]

Heinkel: [――No matter how great the parents are, it doesn't mean their kids are.]

Garfiel looked daunted, having continued his griping and sarcasm towards a back that would not even turn around.

He had assumed that he would still be ignored, but there had been an unexpected rebuttal. Garfiel's eyes widened, but Heinkel still did not turn around.

Heinkel: [And vice versa. There's no reason at all why the parents of a monster also have to be monsters.]

Garfiel: [You bast-]

Heinkel: [You're way too bad at cursing. If you want to provoke someone, take a lesson from Miss Priscilla. As you are, you've failed.]

Garfiel: [That's not-]

His attempt to get the upper hand through insults had been seen through, and in the end, retorts had been cleanly fired back.

Garfiel had faltered, having just been told what true provocation really was. However, if the conversation ended like that and he turned his back, he would have ended up completely defeated.

In the end, Garfiel stubbornly persisted, sitting a short distance away from Heinkel, and gazing out over the rampartless southern horizon, guarding a defenseless city.

Assailed by countless flying dragons, the walls of the famed Fortress City of Guaral had been severely damaged.

The damage from stones thrown from a high altitude had been extensive, and although the crumbling, demolished walls were being hastily repaired, the city's defensive strength was considerably lowered.

In particular, the city's southern wall had suffered the greatest damage.

The western wall, which had taken the first attack, was also horrible, but that was nothing compared to this. Forget about the wall, the entire area had been cleared.

Heinkel: [Emilia-sama… no Emily and the princess Priscilla had fought that member of the Nine Divine Generals but...]

The ferocity of the battle was clearly shown from the disastrous scene below them.

Most of the buildings had not retained their original shape, and a terrible shockwave had mowed down anything and everything in its path.

The battle with the dragonkin, one of the "Nine Divine Generals," and the white light that had orchestrated its conclusion――Garfiel had also been in the city and was tossed around by the shockwave, but Emilia had said what it had really been.

Garfiel: [――the roar of a Dragon.]

While ground dragons, water dragons, flying dragons and the like were species of dragons, "Dragons" were a cut above them.

Possessing power outside of all reason, the Dragon had turned everything upside down with just one breath.

There was the fear that if both Emilia and Priscilla had not resisted, the damage would have spread even further.

Garfiel: [...No matter where it is, my amazin’ self’s there at the wrong time.]

While praising Emilia and, while he was at it, Priscilla for their accomplishments, he had an unpleasant feeling in his heart.

By failing to accompany them to the Pleiades Watchtower, Garfiel missed the chance to meet the "Divine Dragon" Volcanica, whom Emilia had met. Not only that, but this time he had missed the chance to come into contact with another "Dragon" despite being in the same city.

In a Subaru-esque way of saying things, he had to say he had gotten a bad draw.

Heinkel: [――――]

His sulking was not at all because he had not been able to meet a "Dragon," an existence that had been spoken of since ancient times.

It was because Garfiel's role was to fight and defeat powerful enemies. To defeat those who would try to discourage the camp's goals, and to carry out his role as a military officer.

Going around treating the wounded was absolutely not a part of those duties.

Garfiel: [Even at the best of times, enterin’ the Empire wouldn't help us at all]

When they had smuggled themselves into the Vollachian Empire, Garfiel had been useless.

They had relied on Otto's family's Suwen Trading Company for getting into contact with the people that would guide them across the border, and when they got into trouble with them along the way, Petra had concluded negotiations in a dignified manner.

After that, when problems arose as soon as they had entered the Empire, it had been Frederica who had used her own blood to overcome the situation, and all Garfiel had done was, in the end, knock out a guy he had not liked to shut him up.

At least, if she could find hope in the name of "Natsumi Schwartz," the black-haired battle maiden who was rumored to be in the Fortress City, and if he thought that his reunion with Subaru would be realized――

Garfiel: [Just missin’ each other after the Captain had left...unlucky to the very end, it seems like absolutely everythin’ was my amazin’ self’s fault…]

Of course, he was fully aware that this was paranoia due to overthinking.

Just as Garfiel and the others had had a great adventure arriving in the Empire, Subaru had his own story of being flown to the Empire and going on a great adventure.

Restlessly getting involved in a major incident, even in a place he had been flown to, was a situation that was very much like the Subaru that Garfiel knew.

Garfiel: [――A scramble for the top of the Empire, that's a huge story, Captain]

A sign of great war that would engulf the Fortress City―― no, the entire Vollachian Empire.

What kind of causality connected it all together to get him right in the center of a situation like that? However, Garfiel was thinking. Surely this was the result of Subaru being himself.

Eagerly, desperately struggling to return back beside Emilia and the others, he had bonded with people he encountered on the way, and unable to abandon them, he kept running.

He was far away now, in a big city in the southeast, where it seemed he was negotiating with influential people.

Regardless of whether it was a success or failure, it would be nice if he returned safely――,

Heinkel: [――Hey, brat]

Garfiel: [Eh?]

Heinkel: [You've been clicking away for a while now. Can't you shut your mouth quietly?]

Heinkel suddenly spat those words at Garfiel, who had been lost in thought.

The seemingly annoyed red-haired man glaring his way put a finger in his own mouth and made a show of scratching a canine. It was the opinion that Garfiel's habit of clicking his teeth was annoying.

Garfiel: [Ha, why should my amazin’ self hafta listen to anythin’ ya say? If it's that hard on the ears, ya can leave whenever ya want.]

Heinkel: [Is that your best insult, you sarcastic brat? I was here first. You should know your place]

Garfiel: [――hk, the guy who lost his nerve against one of the Nine Divine Generals shouldn't talk so arrogantly!]

Not wanting to be cornered in the same way before, Garfiel yelled back strongly.

After saying this, Garfiel realized his remark was too reckless. But he was the other party. Retorting back to this extent, needing to feel guilty for that was——.

Heinkel: [Ahh, I know. ——I'm afraid. So, I’m like this.]

Garfiel: [Pops?]

Heinkel: [Miss Priscilla’s mood is also wrecked, so I’m getting dead drunk. Aah, how irredeemable.]

However, the comeback from Heinkel was weak, leaving Garfiel puzzled. 

Lifting the bottle of alcohol in his hand to his mouth, Heinkel sipped the contents as he spoke about the world in a low voice—— No, it was if he cursed himself as he let this spill out.

It was as if the entire world had abandoned him, his demeanor seeming like he carried utter desperation. 

Garfiel: [...Those “Nine Divine Generals” guys. They’re th’ Empire’s strongest military force, o‘course you couldn’t beat ‘em Pops.]

Seeing this pathetic state of affairs, that comfort came from his mouth.

Therefore, Garfiel’s face fell as he made this remark, and was left appalled. He had cursed the fact that he had previously lost to "Nine Divine Generals," and now he consoled him as if it were natural to lose.

Incoherent, and probably a complete failure at being comforting. If Garfiel had been in Heinkel's position, he might have flown into a rage if he had been told the same thing.

However, towards Garfiel’s menial comfort Heinkel laughed,

Heinkel: [I may not have won, but I had a role to play. Especially if I was going to travel on the road with Miss Priscilla… wha, wha, what a masterpiece.]

Garfiel: [A masterpiece?]

Heinkel: [How many decades have the things I’ve been chasing after slipped through my fingers? No matter how far you go, you can't change your piss-poor nature.]

At Heinkel’s never-ending self-derision, Garfiel looked at him differently.

At first, the impression Garfiel had of Heinkel at the Watergate City was enmity and disgust due to the outrage he caused. Just as he thought that this was confirmed, his cursing of himself made Garfiel reevaluate his impression.

There he was a weak, tired, and pitiful man.

From his mouth spewed words that were blades at himself and others, their sharpness painful. The words spewed from his mouth are blades aimed at himself and others, and their sting is painful. If they were only directed at others, Garfiel would only scorn them.

But when he realized that it was directed at himself as well, he felt an unpleasant sensation.

Garfiel: [Why, are ya such a rotten bastard? You're still alive. Then...]

Heinkel: [――. Why, am I still alive?]

Garfiel: [――hk. How dare you say that in front of the person who saved you?]

Bumbling, and the desperate words that continue to be spoken call for Garfiel's Wrath.

At Garfiel's reaction, Heinkel glanced at him, and muttered, "Ah," as if realizing it for the first time.

Heinkel: [Now that you mention it, you're the one who healed me. Watch out next time.]

Garfiel: [Ahh!]

Heinkel: [Don't miss the opportunity to ditch the ones you hate without a second thought.]

Heinkel chuckles deprecatingly as he says so.

The moment Garfiel heard this, he felt his vision turn bright red, and he found himself clutching the other man's chest and staring at the man's alcohol-stinking face up close.

A light cracking sound of a liquor bottle breaking can be heard beneath his feet.

The reason is that a liquor bottle with its contents still in it fell from Heinkel's hand as Garfiel grabbed him by the chest and forcefully raised him up, sending the bottle falling down the ramparts.

Heinkel sighs as he follows the path of the fallen liquor bottle with his eyes.

Heinkel: [What a waste!]

Garfiel: [Is, that all ya gotta say?]

An unresisting Heinkel turns his lethargic eyes to Garfiel.

His dull blue eyes, identical to those of Reinhard, who Garfiel had also spoken to, and with Wilhelm, who also shared the same source of their eyes.

Nonetheless, Garfiel could hardly believe that they were the same.

How could the human eye become so dull?

Just how many long years have the emotions swirling in the depths of those two eyes been degraded?

Heinkel: [What the fuck is that? What's that look you're giving me?]

Heinkel said that the loss against one of the "Nine Divine Generals" had put Priscilla in a bad mood.

Garfiel also believes that it is too heartless to blame anyone for not being able to put up a good fight against a "Nine Divine General.].

At least from Garfiel's perspective, of someone who never even got a chance to fight.

Heinkel's eyes wavered slightly at Garfiel's stare and words.

His eyes, unfocused even on Garfiel, the man right in front of him, finally focused on Garfiel, as if they clearly reflected him.

And then――

Heinkel: [――My wife.]

Heinkel's mouth was dry, letting out a gravelly voice even though he had just been drinking.

But finally, the words finally made sense, and Garfiel gnashed his teeth and tried to hear what the shaking man had to say beyond that.

But once again, Garfiel's expected words were not heard.

Heinkel: [――oh.]

Garfiel: [Oi?]

Heinkel, still clutched by his chest, his eyes once again lose focus of Garfiel. His gaze skips over Garfiel and moves behind him.

This was frustrating to Garfiel, but he was not about to let go.

Heinkel: [A carriage.]

The words that proceeded forced Garfiel to look back.

Garfiel: [――――]

To the south of the city, towards Garfiel's back as he turned away while grabbing Heinkel ――from beyond that horizon, a small shadow can indeed be seen coming toward them.

Even Garfiel, who looked closely, could barely tell if it was a Dragon Carriage or just a carriage, but if one believes Heinkel when he says it was a carriage, then it was――

Heinkel: [――So, the people who left are coming back.

Heinkel confirms Garfiel's breathless thought with different words.

 The shadow, still only the size of a fingernail, but beginning to show a slight outline, might have been the carriage carrying Garfiel's long-awaited find.

Heinkel: [Oi, let go of me, brat.]

Garfiel's eyes sparkle with anticipation and excitement, followed by the smell of alcohol on their breath. A frown crossed his face as he looked in front of him and was greeted by Heinkel's sullen look.

The man who was about to speak his mind moments before is gone, and all that is left is the hateful face of his counterpart, spouting vitriol and sarcasm to those around him.

The moment he realized this, Heinkel twisted his neck to escape from Garfiel's hands.

Garfiel feels that he was able to escape from him physically and mentally. What should have been hooked on the tip of his finger, slipped away unceremoniously.

Heinkel: [You've got people waiting for you. Why don't you go meet them?]

Garfiel: [Ya bastard…]

Heinkel: [I'll serve as lookout. If I see something, it's my job to report it. Even if I'm drunk, I can do that. …It's not going to score many points, though.]

With a flourish of his hands, Heinkel turned his back to Garfiel with a staggered step.

For a moment, he wondered if he should try to stop him, but in the end, no words came out; as Heinkel had indicated, Garfiel's thoughts had already begun to wander.

Right now, he wanted to run to the shadows coming from opposite the horizon.

Heinkel: [It would be tragic to miss the opportunity, you know? You'll be chasing those last words endlessly.]

With that said, Heinkel jumped off the city walls ahead of Garfiel. He landed on his feet inside the city with surprisingly little difficulty and headed for the center of the city.

Those last words, the earnest emotion contained in them, stick like a thorn in Garfiel's heart and declare their existence.

But――

Garfiel: [Now then――]

Putting the proverbial thorn out of mind, Garfiel jumped down the ramparts to the other side of the Heinkel.

Landing on the outside of the city, Garfiel sprinted with great momentum, flexing and extending his knees. Exploding forward with his kicking feet, he ran faster than the wind, in a straight line toward the oncoming shadows.

Garfiel: [Captain…!]

Garfiel's pent-up emotion leaked out between his sharp fangs.

Although it was unnerving to consider the feelings of Emilia, Beatrice, Petra, and the others, Garfiel was one of those who had been anxiously awaiting his reunion with Subaru.

So, turning his anxiousness into the power in his legs, he heads for the carriage at a breakneck pace.

Just a few more steps, just a few dozen more seconds of running, and he would be reunited with his Subaru――

Garfiel: [――uh?]

The overflowing expectation turned to confusion.

The speed at which he leaves the gusts of wind behind slows and eventually overtakes him. Instead, they became so fast that they left everything else behind except the wind, finally coming to a standstill.

In Garfiel's trembling emerald green eyes, he saw a carriage ――or rather, multitudes of carriages and Ox Carts coming in from beyond the horizon.

Garfiel: [This, this guy…]

Garfiel blinked his eyes, hoping that he would be able to meet Subaru without any hesitation.

This spectacle was a possibility, considering the purpose of Subaru and company's departure from the fortified city, but Garfiel could not think that far ahead at that moment.

In any case, overwhelmed, stopping in his tracks, Garfiel proudly arrived at the head of the convoy heading down the road to the city, a carriage drawn by a fine galloping horse.

 And then――

???: [――You, what sort of a fool you are. If you are a messenger of the city, surely there is something you ought to be doing.]

So, a man in an Oni mask peeking out of a carriage made Garfiel gasp.

△▼△▼△▼△


???: [Thank you for your assistance, Miss Frederica.]

Frederica looked at the face of the other person with a slight surprise at the aroma of the tea that was gently offered to someone who was tired and thirsty.

The man with the lowered eyes was the one who praised Frederica with a smile on his gentle face.

By nature, Frederica, who is tall, often surpasses men in height, but even without that, the person in front of her is a diminutive person of short stature ――but Frederica has seen in the past few days that he is a likable person with a large heart in contrast to his stature.

Frederica: [――Zikr-sama, thank you for your hospitality.]

On the top floor of City Hall, amidst the busy people, a man ――Zikr Osman gratefully accepts a hand-brewed cup of tea.

Frederica couldn't help but smile as the soft, warmth-infused scent crept into her nostrils.

Essentially, such a role should be the responsibility of Frederica, a maid. However, Frederica's current role in the empire makes her hesitant to engage in the work that has been ingrained in her over the years.

Ostensibly, Frederica's position in the empire was to escort dignitaries ――in hindsight, since Otto and Garfiel's roles were the same, there was no need for Frederica to leave her role as a maid, but it was too late to change things.

That's why she is quiet and concentrates on gently moistening her tongue and throat, taking advantage of the courtesy offered by the commander, a man with a lot of responsibility in this situation, who has personally brewed the tea.

In fact, Zikr's skill at brewing tea is impressive, as he takes the initiative to get involved.

Frederica: [As an Imperial "General," you seem to be very good at this kind of thing.]

Zikr: [Haha, I am honored by your praises. However, I am not responsible for the taste of other "Generals" teas. In my case, I was trained by my family's many older and younger sisters.]

Frederica: [Well. Then I must thank Zikr-sama's Elder sisters and younger sisters. Even in such a hectic situation, we can still enjoy the taste of tea.]

Zikr: [Yes, you never know what will be useful in this world… Of course, preparing for a beautiful woman like Miss Frederica is more important than a family member.]

There is no ulterior motive in Zikr's casual repartee, and Frederica naturally accepted his praise.

True to his word, perhaps it was the influence of having spent time with so many sisters. His admiration for women was so deep and reverential that it was almost embarrassing.

When first told that the "womanizer" was the head representative of the city, Frederica was quite nervous and wary of the situation.

Frederica: [I would not want anything to happen to Emily, Lady Petra, or Lady Beatrice.]

However, that was a concern that was dispelled by meeting with Zikr in person.

Zikr’s group was willing to accept Frederica and her group, probably because they had been involved in lifesaving efforts within the city, which was in turmoil after the devastating flying dragon disaster.

Thanks are also due to Otto's decision to speak with city representatives as soon as he arrived in the city.

Zikr: [I heard that he wooed Mizelda-san as soon as he met her; Otto-sama is really reliable at times like this.]

If Otto himself had been listening, he would have said, "I think that is somewhat misleading!] Frederica nodded quietly, her voice turning inside out with the thought.

Although she thought of it this way, Frederica was helped considerably by Otto's presence.

The responsibility of the two senior members of Emilia's group, Frederica and Otto, is quite heavy. ――This is because they are separated from Roswaal and Ram.

Frederica: [――――]

In the search for Subaru and Rem and their whereabouts within the empire, it was decided that the smuggled group would split up into two.

The breakdown is Roswaal and Ram, and the other six including Frederica and others.

After separating from Emilia's group, which was searching for Subaru and his group through diligent questioning, Roswaal and Ram headed for an Imperial nobleman who was said to be in contact with him.

Frederica had never imagined that his reach extended to the empire, although Roswaal was originally unable to identify with whom he may associate.

Roswaal, who had the option of relying on his acquaintances, went there to negotiate, and Frederica and the others began to search for the whereabouts of the two people from a different angle.

As a result, the roles of Frederica and Otto inevitably became increasingly important.

Frederica: [Emilia-sama seemed inspired to do her best, though.]

Frederica's lips parted at the thought of Emilia's enthusiasm, brimming with motivation and responsibility, as she was the oldest.

If one strictly applies seniority to the Emilia camp, the most senior would be Puck and Beatrice, followed by Emilia.

Having been separated from Subaru, Beatrice was in a state of "Eko-mode" to keep her mana reserves up, and she spent most of the day sleeping. This is why Emilia, the next oldest, was inspired to do her best.

Of course, the final decision was left to Emilia, but the discussions leading up to that point were carefully considered mainly between Frederica, Otto, and Petra.

She and the others traveled to the fortified city because of an incredible rumor that she couldn't believe her ears.

Frederica: [Rebellion against the Empire,  and the black-haired maiden who is supporting its mastermind…]

When Frederica heard her name was "Natsumi Schwartz," she was completely overwhelmed by the meaning of the name.

Frederica also wondered if someone with the same name as the one she had previously heard of also existed in the empire.

Frederica: [If Otto-sama had not been aware of your true intentions, I wonder if I would have been able to realize it.]

Ultimately, it was Otto who discovered that the rumored name of the person was a message from Subaru.

Otto: [That man has a tendency to think that cross-dressing is an all-purpose solution… in fact, I am afraid that it might encourage him to assume that it might help a little.]

Was Otto's response, with a face somewhere between exasperation and acceptance.
 
The group agreed that, in a manner of speaking, Subaru was also a known position in the Kingdom of Lugunica, and therefore the measure was taken to avoid having his name mentioned within the Vollachian Empire.

By the end, only Emilia was left confused by the fact that a woman she knew's name was used, "Why, Natsumi's name…?].

In any case――

Zikr: [It will not be long before Miss Natsumi will be back. And then, Miss Emily and Miss Petra's wishes will be fulfilled.]

Frederica: [――Yes, absolutely.]

Zikr, enjoying the tea's aroma, nodded to Frederica, who was lost in thought.

True to his word, the two people they are looking for ――at least, they are expected to be reunited with Subaru in the not-too-distant future.

Frederica and her friends were correct in assuming that the name Natsumi Schwartz was a message, and indeed Subaru's presence was affirmed in this fortified city.

The problem was that it was after he had left the city to resolve another matter, another situation that had befallen Rem, the other person they were in search of――

Zikr: [...If only we had been able to protect Miss Rem.]

Frederica: [After all that has happened, there is no reason to blame yourself, Zikr-sama ,or anyone else. Of course, I do regret the outcome.]

Frederica loosely shook her head at Zikr's words, his eyes downcast.

When Frederica and the others arrived at the city, they found not only Subaru missing, but also Rem. Rem had disappeared in the midst of the flying dragon disaster.

In order to force the retreat of one of the Nine Divine Generals who had attacked the city, she offered herself as a hostage.

Frederica: [――. As soon as you wake up, you will know for sure that you are Ram's younger sister.]

Frederica's lips parted as she spoke of such sentiments, with concern for Rem's wellbeing.

Frederica does not remember Rem, whose "name" and "memories" were stolen by the Authority of the Sin Archbishop of Gluttony. At least, she has no memories of her since she has awakened.

All Frederica knew was what Subaru told her about Rem’s personality and that she looked exactly like her twin sister, Ram. However, it seems that she is also bold and daring like Ram.

Otherwise, she would never have been able to negotiate with one of the "Nine Divine Generals" and save a city whose very existence was in jeopardy.

Frederica: [――――]

Having then accepted her negotiations, the other party now has a reason to keep Rem alive.

It was logical, at least, to believe so. Without it, Frederica and her friends would have immediately pursued the whereabouts of the now missing Rem.

Of course, if she were honest, she would still be eager to take off after.

Frederica: [If Ram had been there, she would have… No, she's too smart to have done that.]

In Frederica's well-acquainted opinion, it would be hard to judge one way or the other.

Ram is smart, but also loving. Frederica knows that she has been going to her younger sister's room as much or more than Subaru, who visits Rem every night.

She wanted to reunite them. ――No matter how brash she is, she is Ram's beloved little sister.

Zikr: [Miss Frederica, please don't be too hard on yourself. Conditions in the city have calmed down for the time being. Now we can talk about the future.]

Frederica gently placed her hand on her chest, as Zikr spoke to her.

As he said, the claw marks of the flying dragon that attacked the castle city have finally been repaired, and the conditions are now suitable for discussing what to do in the future. Of course, what happens next will depend on the direction of the discussions, but――

???: [――General Second-Class Zikr!]

It was at the moment when Frederica was about to answer Zikr's statement.

A sharp, but emotionally tense voice, apart from being desperate, echoes through City Hall. It is one of Zikr's men running up the stairs and rushing toward them.

Zikr turns to him and says, "What's going on?] as the man clasps his fist in front of his chest.

???: [We have a report. Numerous carriages are arriving on the city's south side, all from the Demon City.]

Frederica: [――! From the Demon City. Then!]

Involuntarily, Frederica reacts to the report to Zikr by pitching forward. Normally, her embarrassment would have outweighed her reaction, but she did not care at this moment.

Zikr nodded deeply at Frederica's enthusiasm, and,

Zikr: [Have they returned? You are indeed the untimely one. Call Miss Priscilla, Miss Petra, and the others at once.]

???: [Yes!]

Frederica's heart pounded at the good news that the person she had been waiting for had returned.

Just before, her concern for Rem's safety had somewhat lifted her sinking feeling. At least for the time being, she thought, she should be able to fulfill half of her objectives.

Zikr: [Everything is well, Miss Frederica.]

Zikr smiled softly at Frederica's relief.

Frederica tried to thank him by saying, "Yes".

However――

???: [――General Second-Class, actually, the thing is that.]

 Frederica's words were interrupted by those of the Imperial Guard. Frederica held her breath, somewhat uneasily.

Zikr seemed to feel the same concern and turned to his subordinate, who said in a low voice, "What is wrong?].

In response, the subordinate made a slight hesitation before――

???: [The carriage that returned from the Demon City, but Miss Natsumi Schwartz was not with them and has gone missing in… Chaosflame.]

Yes, it was a cruel declaration, that of a twist of fate that was to continue on.
