*This is a Work in Progress, everything is subject to change*

The siege of the imperial capital Lupugana by the rebel army started with the cooperation of rebels who had gathered from all over the country to defeat Emperor Vincent Vollachia.

Indeed, a large number of rebels were currently gathering around the imperial city of Lupugana.

Gathered from all over the Empire, they laid siege to Lupugana, the heart of the Vollachian Empire, and prepared a force that overwhelmed the Empire's Imperial soldiers.

In most cases, battles were decided by numbers.

This principle became more decisive as the scale of the battle grew, and it could be said that the rebel forces, which were able to gather more than double the number of troops in simple force ratio, gained an overwhelming advantage in their attack on the Imperial Capital.

However――,

???: [――That is, if the assembled troops can function as a cohesive unit.]

Sitting on the throne in the audience chamber of the Crystal Palace at the deepest point in the imperial capital Lupugana, Vincent's dark eyes narrowed as he received reports of the all-out clash with the rebels that had begun.

The capital was surrounded by rebel forces and attacked with an overwhelming difference in troop strength. Despite being in a predicament unprecedented in the history of the empire, there was no sign of fear or impatience in his cold, demonic appearance.

This was largely due to the analytic element that he had just mentioned himself.

Vincent: [The purpose of the assembled rebels may be united around my head, but there is no room for error in the methods used to obtain it. From the beginning, they were the ones who took the initiative after the incident happened.]

???: [The harder they try not to be outdone, the more difficult it is for them to come to terms with the idea of keeping pace with the rest. This reminds me of the "Emperor Selection Ceremony."]

Vincent: [――――]

???: [A blood ritual in which siblings of the Vollachia royal family vie for the imperial throne to determine the next emperor …as one would expect, people who were rejected were removed from the board. Mostly.]

Berstetz, who was standing next to the throne, cut off his words and paused for a moment. Behind those threadbare eyes, the old man's emotions couldn’t be read, but one could get a rough idea of what he was feeling.

Berstetz, too, was one who had experienced the bloodshed of the “Election Ceremony.”

Berstetz: [At that time, there was the wariness of His Excellency Barthroy, who had created the largest faction, due to his character, so he was quickly removed.]

Towards Vincent’s inner thoughts, Berstetz touched the beard under his nose as he stated the end of his sentence.

The way he spoke about it was as if it were some other person's business and absolutely empty.

Vincent: [Well said. It was you and Lamia who removed that older brother.]

Berstetz: [I'm ashamed to say that I followed the judgment of His Excellency Lamia. In addition, I still live in disgrace because I did not see the true intentions of His Excellency Barthroy.]

Vincent: [Older brother Barthroy’s intentions, huh.]

???: [Yes. It was a conspiracy hatched by none other than His Excellency Vincent and His Excellency Barthroy.]

While Berstetz's expression did not change while hearing the response, he straightened his posture stiffly.

Considering the events that took place, one might expect him to harbor a grudge, but he was a man free from such miscellaneous human-like emotions. And, moreover, he was reasonable enough to know that it was useless to say anything to Vincent.

The deed was the result of the actions of Vincent Vollachia――or rather, Vincent Abelux, before he became emperor,

???: [Since the real Emperor is outside the walls at this time, I can understand the Prime Minister's feelings who gets lost in the throes of my sarcasm.]

Berstetz: [――――]

???: [Hmm? The two of you with steely eyes… Did I say something unnecessary?]

The man who shrugged his shoulders in an aloof manner as he faced Vincent and Berstetz, the highest-ranking members of the empire, was Ubilk, the "Stargazer," an unorthodox being who was allowed to enter the Crystal Palace regardless of his rank.

The heckling Ubilk did not suddenly break into the conversation. He was there from the beginning when Vincent and Berstetz spoke with each other, he just didn't interject.

Be that as it may――,

Vincent: [Even if no one else is around, it's not something you should feel comfortable talking about.]

Ubilk: [Oh, the real crown was unnecessary. No wonder His Excellency the Emperor and His Excellency the Prime Minister are so angry. ――I feel sorry for the soldiers who are risking their lives to protect the Imperial City right now.]

Vincent: [――――]

Ubilk: [If it were to be inadvertently revealed that His Excellency Emperor Vincent, who they are all trying so hard to protect, is actually a fake…]

 Ubilk put his hand over his mouth as he spoke aloud what he had just been rebuked for.

A man who was valued because of his abilities, but his behavior had the frivolity of a clown. However, the job of being a clown couldn’t be seen as a permit for making practical jokes.

Even if his ability as a “Stargazer” was excellent,

Vincent: [Your accumulated rudeness cannot be forgiven. If all you have said so far bears fruit, I will cut off your head myself.]

Ubilk: [Of course, I’m aware of this. But, Your Excellency… No, you are a prudent one. Until the very, very last minute, I'm assuming that my life can't be taken.]

Even when he was pierced by a stare from the throne, Ubirk met his gaze with a smile. He continued, "More than that," and looked at Berstetz,

Ubilk: [I am more afraid of the Prime Minister. It seems that hell is hidden within you.]

Berstetz: [It's not like a “Stargazer” to be afraid of someone like me. Why not ask the stars whether someone like me is one to be afraid of?]

Ubilk: [My apologies, Prime Minister. The stars look down on the earth from high in the sky, and unless they are dazzling and assertive of themselves, they cannot be seen.]

The insignificant is not reflected in the future that "Stargazers" see.

It was impossible to read from Ubilk's words and actions whether this was a pretext or a true belief. But, peacetime nonsense aside, Ubilk's words could not be ignored when he was performing the role of a "Stargazer".

Nine years have passed since Ubilk began serving the Vollachian Empire as a “Stargazer”――or it could be said that his achievements have been building up for that time.

Ubilk: [――Woah]

Suddenly, a roar from the distant sky reached the audience chamber, where it had been silent.

A slight tremor was felt under their feet, and the atmosphere of a fierce battle could be felt even in the depths of the Crystal Palace. That said, most of the phenomenon causing this roaring sound was probably the stuff of the Imperial Capital.

Ubilk: [In terms of numbers, the rebels surrounding the Imperial City should outnumber ours…]

Vincent: [It’s just a ragtag crowd… No, they are not even cohesive, but a bunch of outlaws who may even drag each other down in some cases. That is no way to compete with the pack of sword-wolves who are governed by the Iron-Blooded Code!]

Ubilk: [I see. However, no matter how bloodthirsty the imperial citizens are, they will not invade the Imperial Capital without a chance to win. Isn't that why each tribe will throw in its own hero?]

Vincent: [Have you forgotten what you said in front of me just now?]

Vincent spoke to Ubilk, who tilted his head, conscious of the battle outside due to the shaking. Ubilk closed one eye at those words, and Vincent rested his chin on one hand,

Vincent: [If the stars are dazzling light on the ground, they will be noticed. In that case, it would not be surprising if you were to recite a poem in advance about a glittering star that could change the course of the war.]

Ubilk: [Ah~]

Vincent: [Would it? “Stargazer”]

Vincent asked quietly, his dark eyes narrowed. Ubilk laughed at the question and scratched his cheek with his finger.

Ubilk: [Unfortunately, I have not heard of such a story.]

Berstetz: [So, in line with your role, is that the case?]

Berstetz concluded Ubilk's wry smile by making that statement.

Ubilk closed with a vacant look on his face, but there was no sense in doing it over. First, with or without the “Stargazer” Ubilk's presence, it was a pretty self-explanatory story.

Certainly, all the rebels will come to seek the head of Vincent, whom sits upon the throne. For this purpose, each tribe will send out their strongest warriors to seek victory.

But that notion is wrong to begin with, and many are misguided from the get-go.

Naturally. ――What exactly are the "Nine Divine Generals"?

Vincent: [If we measure each tribe's great warriors with such a small standard, we may make a mistake. What criteria do you think was used to select a general, of the "Nine Divine Generals"?]

Vincent Vollachia gathered the strongest beings within the Vollachian Empire.

There was no comparison to the various great warriors in the lands of the empire. If there was a sleeping lion in the land, Vincent would not miss it.

No matter how it happened, he kept them at hand, gave them the status they deserved for their abilities, and prepared them for the future.

A hero is no better than a monster when they fail to meet Vincent's expectations.

――The emperor of the Sacred Vollachian Empire has assembled "monsters," that no hero could ever hope to match.

Lupugana, the imperial capital of the Empire, stands at the center of a star-shaped city wall that has never allowed invasion by foreign enemies since the founding of the Empire, and at the five vertices of the wall, "monsters" are waiting for the invaders.

Those unsurpassed beings will crush without mercy the haughty heroes who have gathered. The sight of this devastation will make even the most bloodthirsty of them 
will realize it.

That they had turned away from reality and dreamed of madness.

Berstetz: : [ However, it would be difficult to expect all the rebels to be well-behaved.]

Vincent: [I suppose. Then what do we do?]

Berstetz: [I know it's not my place to be a part of the process when the main generals have already chosen their battlefields, but …it's unbearable to just wait and see.]

Ubilk: [Oh, yeah, that's very bloodthirsty of you, Prime Minister.]

Ubilk jabs Berstetz as he bends at the waist and bows to Vincent. But the old Prime Minister took the gesture in stride.

Berstetz: [After all, we are Vollachian, too.]

Berstetz said this without a smile and walked out of the audience room. Vincent watched the old general leave without stopping him.

As the door closed and Berstetz walked away, Ubilk shrugged, "Are you sure?"

Ubilk: [As he said himself, I don't think there is anything the Prime Minister can do to influence the situation of the current situation, though.]

Vincent: [This, too, I patiently endured. From the beginning, he is the kind of person who has been restraining himself for the sake of his ideals. I would like to avoid an outburst, if I put it in your terms.]

Ubilk: [I see. …Does the Prime Minister know about his excellency?]

Ubilk asks, hooking his thumb over the hem of his robe and wriggling the rest of his fingers. Vincent, who understood the meaning of the unkind question, closed one eye.

After the silence, Ubilk nodded and said, "As I thought,".

Ubilk: [I had a hunch about that, so I refrained from being so careless with my words, but I have mixed feelings, both happy and sad that my …hunch came true.]

Vincent: [Sad? Can you understand such human emotions?]

Ubilk: [That's a terrible thing to say. It's hurtful, as if you were saying I'm not human. Compared to "One" and "Two," I'm much saner, don't you think?]

Vincent: [Cecilus, for example, has his own weaknesses with most subjects, and Arakiya, a girl who lives by the logic of a beast rather than a man, can be dealt as long as she has an assigned master. However.]

Cutting off his words, Vincent shoots Ubilk a glance with his dark eyes. His presence is unwavering in the face of any cruelty, his way of being, unconcerned with one's own life.

Vincent: [You are but a puppet in the shape of a man, made of human flesh.]

Ubilk: [...that's hurtful, isn't it?]

At Vincent's words, Ubilk lowers his eyebrows and smiles bitterly.

Doing so makes them appear sad or bitter. It is as if someone had instructed them to do so, an imitation of emotion, at least in Vincent's eyes.

Ubilk, with an expression that did not differ from that impression, put his hand on his chest and,

Ubilk: [By your logic, all the "Stargazers" who have lent an ear to the …" commandment" in the same role as me are puppets?]

Vincent: [I don't know any other Stargazers than you. I have no answer for you.]

Ubilk: [Again, there's no need to lie like that. I don't think I'm that trustworthy. Of course, you would have hunted down every "Stargazer" in the country and tortured them.]

Vincent: [――――]

Ubilk: [I trust you will not make such an ill-advised assumption about what Stargazer is just by looking at me.

Vincent's face does not move at the scything from Ubilk.

He did not say that his points were true or false. The only thing he was convinced of was that every single "Stargazer" who receives a commandment is mentally abnormal.

Nor is he going to bother to say how he got it.

Vincent: [Otherwise, how could you possibly commit such a barbaric act is to destroy your own evil eye, just to prove that you are human?]

Ubilk: [Oh, that was painful. The feeling of loss was also extraordinary. But thanks to that, you were willing to listen to me, right?]

As he said this, Ubilk pulled his hand further across his chest, exposing his bare skin. In the middle of his thin chest is a large, painfully etched burn scar.

The mark is the one where Ubilk himself once put a burning iron on his chest and burnt out the evil eye that was located on his chest.

Although he is of the evil eye tribe, he burnt out his own existence's very purpose ――He did this to prove that he was not dangerous, and if he had not been stopped, he might have even crushed his own limbs.

And that is why――,

Vincent: [I do not expect a straight answer from you. Just answer mindfully.]

Ubilk: [Whatever you want.]

Vincent: [There is no whisper of a new commandment in your ears. No doubt.]

Ubilk: [――Yes. I, for one, wouldn't lie. No new commandment has come down. From the beginning, there has not been a new commandment issued before the previous one has been completed…]

Shaking his head loosely, Ubilk smiled.

He continues with a truly inorganic smile, without joy or humility.

Ubilk: [The board you have made will not be broken by Divine dispensation. ――Roughly, everyone in the empire is in your hands.]

Vincent: [――――]

Ubilk: [Everything good?]

Ubilk wonders if those definitive words are not having the desired effect. To his question, Vincent shook his head, "No,"

At the moment, it was hard to believe that Ubilk was lying about what he just said. He is a man who values the whispers of the mysterious stars more than his vassalage to the emperor, but his lack of self-interest was genuine.

Therefore, Ubilk's own intentions are probably not present in that statement as well.

It is just――

Vincent: [――The people of the empire are my hands, yes?]

Its unspoken embellishment left a tug on the heart of the one masquerading as the emperor.

△▼△▼△▼△

――And then, that tug on the throne hit its mark.

???: [Oh, Oooooooooh――!!]

At one of those vertices of the star-shaped wall, a roar rose up, and a tiger ran furiously.

With both arms shielded by shining silver gauntlets, he stepped into the enemy's grasp with speed like lightning in order to be able to reach the opponent that had pulverized the group of Centaur People with a terrifying amount of effort.

One step, two steps, and Garfiel Tinzel charged, roaring at a speed the eye could not follow.

However――,

???: [Indeed, many-on-one is my specialty, but――]

Garfiel: [――hk.]

???: [Even in single combat, there are no shadows in the brilliance of my technique!]

In opposition, Kafma Irulux held both arms up to intercept that brave voice.

His tattoo-covered dark-brown skin bulged from the inside, and immediately after, an enormous amount of thorns shot out, completely filling Garfiel's field of view as charged head-on.

The speed of the thorned vines that grew countless spines gave the impression of a carnivorous beast leaping at prey. In other words, it was the fastest attack to reap the life of an opponent.

Garfiel: [Impertinent――!!]

Atop the rampart, the considerably thick wall for the protection of the Imperial City was quite broad for a place to stand, but even so, when compared to a battlefield, the immobility was like being strangled.

With the thorned vines spreading sideways and surging forth like a great wave, closing off any means of escape, rather than poorly evading, Garfiel chose to hold up his gauntlets and plunged into the thorny vines.

Trusting in the strength of his gauntlets and that of his legs, in a straight line to the storm of vines――,

Kafma: [That resolve is admirable, but your decision was a mistake.]

At the same time Kafma muttered that, Garfiel made contact with the leading edge of the surging thorned vines, but the next moment, Garfiel clenched his teeth at an impact greater than what he assumed his gauntlets would stop.

Garfiel: [――Guh]

Even if the way they were released was bizarre, vines were vines, and from the size of the ivy and thorns, he had readied himself for a certain degree of power. However, the actual power of the vines far exceeded his assumptions, and the speed of Garfiel's advance faltered.

Without exaggeration, the pressure was like that of a whole forest crashing into you.

When a single person brought forth a forest struck him with a mighty wilderness overgrown with thorns, Garfiel revised his understanding.

Garfel: [In that case, take this!!]

Kafma: [What!?]

Clenching his teeth so hard they creaked, Garfiel strongly brought his foot down after he was struck by the surging wave of thorned vines. Spreading from the sole of the shoe he had slammed violently, the portion of the wall he was standing on rose and, on the opposite side of the vines, Kafma's portion sank, the stance of the goggling "General" collapsing.

It was an effect of Garfiel's "Divine Protection of Earth Spirits." Essentially, the Divine Protection made it possible to confer power from and conversely interfere with the earth, but the scope of the earth was largely contributed to by the interpretation of the Divine Protection's wielder.

In Garfiel's case, as long as his feet are on solid footing, that was the earth.

Garfiel: [As long as I'm not flyin’ in the sky!]

It would be a different story with the dragon ships carried by flying dragons that were famed in the Vollachian Empire, but otherwise, Garfiel could firmly believe it was the earth.

Kafma's footing sank not once, but two or three times as the raised footing pursued him, and the man of the Insect Cage Tribe dealt with it while flying backward. Meanwhile, Garfiel advanced, handling the thorned vines that disrupted the accuracy of his attacks, and his undefended cheek and shoulders were torn up by the vines that plunged forward.

Bright red blood splattered and sharp pain minced through his entire body, but the distance shrank and shrank.

And just when the distance remaining between them was nearing a few meters,

Kafma: [Then cut deep!]

Abandoning his mid-range thorn attack, Kafma, who was in the middle of retreating, returned back for an attack.

Still cautious of the release of the shockwave that mowed down the Centaur People, in an instant, without opening his chest, Kafma severed the thorned vines from his arms, wielding them, and loudly buzzed the wings on his back.

For a moment, those wings fluttered so fast they were difficult to see, and at the same time, the sight of Kafma having kicked off the rampart appeared right beside Garfiel. It is not just quick, but slow then fast.

Used like that, he went around and entered from behind Garfiel's senses.

However――,

Garfiel: [I won’t let ya!]

Forcibly turning back away from the orientation of his senses that had been gotten around, Garfiel roared.

With a roar, the released back-handed blow was driven toward Kafma's face that had appeared beside him. Against that, Kafma threw up both his arms in defense ――Both his arms, which had been covered with a black carapace.

Like Garfiel's gauntlets, it was protection for himself. However, with thorns, wings, ribs, and now carapaces, he already had four abilities. Just how many "insects" did he contain?

Kafma: [sh――!]

One blow was taken, but the pair's battle did not stop there.

The ultra-close range was suitable for Garfiel. He took a full swing with his left fist, using the momentum of turning all the way back around from the position where his back-handed blow had been stopped, and then drove a headbutt into his opponent, who had tried to parry it.

Impacts and cries of pain burst between the two, and from there, fierce punches aimed at vital organs were exchanged.

Garfiel & Kafma: [――hk]

Gauntlet and carapace, both sides exchanged armored fists with each other. However, there was no falsehood in his pride from right before. Being within reach was suitable for Garfiel, and from that position, being overwhelmed was out of the question.

Garfiel: [Gah, Aaaaaaaaah!!]

After doing a circular block on an incoming fist, in return, he drove a fist into his opponent's chest and torso. From below, Garfiel's opposite fist shot up into his jaw, which had dropped involuntarily, and then he drove a knee into his torso that had bent backward. With a cry of pain, Kafma flapped his wings and moved back greatly.

Garfiel: [Ya think I'll let’cha get away!]

Kafma: [――Guh]

Seizing Kafma's leaping legs, he forcefully slammed him back down against the rampart. He then pressed Kafma's body to the ground and started running to tear off the wings on his back.

On the wall, Garfiel ran while raising a plume of smoke, and Kafma's back spurted out blood as one wing, two wings, were torn to shreds. At that rate, in one go――,

――A moment later, Kafma's chest opens as the wings on his back flap powerfully, lifting him off the ground. Beyond his protruding ribs, his eyes caught a glimpse of the golden "insect" inside his chest.

Garfiel: [――――]

Following the urging of every survival instinct in his body, he abandoned Kafma's and leaped directly to the side. It was the right decision. Immediately in front of Garfiel's position, in the line of fire of the golden bug, the entire top of the rampart was gouged out, and Garfiel, too, was taken by a spine-chilling blow as his fur was ripped away.

Kafma: [――I admit my lack of insight.]

Garfiel: [Oh?]

Immediately after experiencing the sensation of bloodlust, Garfiel is drawn back by their voice.

Looking, he saw Kafma kneeling on the wall, touching the torn wings on his back, looking at Garfiel with admiration and respectful eyes.

He wiped the blood running down the edge of his mouth with his hand and rose to his feet.

Kafma: [I was unaware of the existence of a brave warrior like you. I am ashamed of my ignorance.]

Garfiel: [heh, I don't blame ya if ya didn't know. I'd be more worried if ya did.

Kafma: [――? What do you mean?]

Raising a dignified eyebrow, Kafma questions the truth of Garfiel's words.

From his point of view, it would have never occurred to him that a person from another country, especially from the kingdom, would be involved in such an important event within the empire.

Otto: [If they find out who we are and where we are from, it could lead to a very serious diplomatic incident. So, please avoid carelessly saying unnecessary things to provoke the other side.]

Otto, who remained behind at the main camp, had said this to Garfiel before jumping into the battlefield.

Kafma has already identified himself to him, and he has already identified himself back but if he gives any more information, there is a possibility that Kafma, who seems to be smart, will be able to guess all of this.

There is no way they can turn a civil war in the empire into a great upheaval with the kingdom involved.

Garfiel: [I'm sorry, but I'm ain’t going to tell ya anythin’ except my name. Well, just a little bit. I'm talking about "Kurulukiak with a new look.].]

Kafma: [――. I have no doubt that you are a person of great skill, whether you keep your mouth shut or not. That's why I'm also regretful.]

Garfiel: […regretful?]

Kafma shook his head and lowered his voice, causing Garfiel to frown; there was no lie in Kafma's delivery, and it was laced with regret, with no intention to provoke.

But the regret is not attributable to Kafma himself――,

Kafma: [If it weren't for the circumstances, I would have liked to have a straightforward conversation with you.]

Garfiel: [What the――]

It was the moment when he was about to question the meaning of his words.

Taking a step forward, Garfiel's knee gives out, and he kneels down in place. With an "Ah?] A snatched breath leaks out, and Garfiel's eyes bled as he held his own chest.

His beating heart, thumping and pulsating, its beat loud and perilous. ――Garfiel realizes what he hears: the alarm bells of his horrific instincts, appealing for his life.

――Something is crawling around inside of me.

Garfiel: [Gaag…]

Kafma: [If you're going fight in close quarters with me, you should have avoided getting hit.]

Kafma sticks out his hand to Garfiel, whose teeth are chattering, and tears of blood are streaming down his face. At the tip of Kafma's five bent fingers, there is a white, wriggling " insect" tube.

Wounded by thorns, an "insect" was implanted there through a tube and laid an egg. It hatched inside Garfiel's body and crawled around inside him.

Garfiel: [Guooo…]

The moment he realizes this, Garfiel embraces himself and activates his healing magic.

Intense healing waves enveloped Garfiel's body in a pale light, forcibly healing the wounds he had sustained. Witnessing this, Kafma slightly raised his eyebrows, revealing his surprise.

Kafma: [Healing magic, means you are also a healer. The versatility of the art is astounding. However.]

Garfiel: [――hk, Aa, oh.]

Kafma: [The purpose of the insects that circulate inside you is not to wound you, but to make your body a seedbed for their own. ――You can heal the wound, but you cannot heal the changes.]

Kafma's cruel declaration, is proved correct by the unhealable malaise.

Garfiel gasped in agony and cursed the result of clawing at his own chest, thinking that he had, in fact, blocked the escape route of the " insects" in his body.

His breathing became labored and his vision turned bright red. Unable to bear the sight of Garfiel's agony, Kafma steps forward with a somber look on his face.

Kafma: [Your skill and prowess, I, Kafma Irulux, will surely remember it in my heart. ――Sleep valiantly.]

His right arm is once again encased in a black shell, and his fist thrusts into Garfiel, unable to move. The impact smashes his skull, causing blood to spray and his body to tumble violently.

He rolled, and rolled, and rolled, and bounced right off the edge of the ramparts, consumed by a sense of floating, and fell.

Garfiel: [――ah.]

Garfiel's death cry, too faint to be heard, escaped his throat, and his body fell helplessly, unprotected, beneath the city ramparts.

△▼△▼△▼△

Otto: [Listen, Garfiel, please remember this well.]

Otto: [If they find out who we are and where we are from, it could lead to a very serious diplomatic incident. So, please avoid carelessly saying unnecessary things to provoke the other side.]

Otto: [However, because it is you, I would not expect you to be so patient. I would not tell you to buy or sell as a merchant. That is why――]

Otto: [So, make sure you remember this one thing.]

Otto: [If You buy and Sell Words――]

△▼△▼△▼△

Otto: [――it would be impossible to avoid killing at first sight in the battle against the "Insect Cage Tribe,".]

The "insects" that they put inside their bodies have evolved and grown beyond the bounds of human imagination, and their abilities vary from one to another.

In addition, they are able to harmonize with the "insects" growing within their own bodies, and by refining their skills, they are able to promote further transformation.

More than that, Kafma Irulux had been born unusually gifted among the Insect Cage Tribe.

Kafma declined to be promoted to the "Nine Divine Generals" because of his own beliefs and philosophy, and his abilities were recognized by Emperor Vincent as being on par with those of the other generals.

As a warrior of Vollachia, he was an exceptional individual who was allowed to stand atop the pinnacle.

Naturally, since he was born into the Insect Cage Tribe, he has no hesitation or guilt in borrowing the power of "insects" and using their abilities as his own.

This was the strength of the warrior Kafma Irulux, as well as the power of the "insects".

And yet――,

Kafma: [I'm not without my own thoughts.]

Kafma had to win, and he had to destroy as many of his enemies as possible, so he did not have time to fight with just one fighter.

Therefore, he used a forbidden technique to finish off his opponent in the fastest possible time and kill his enemy.

Kafma: [――――]

The ritual of inserting "insects" into the body is the culmination of careful preparation, even for the Insect Cage Tribe.

From the time they are newborn babies, their bodies are altered in preparation for the future insertion of "insects," but the ritual is forbidden until they reach the age of 12. In other words, it takes at least 12 years of preparation before an "insect" can be inserted into the body.

If the process is skipped and an insect is implanted, the subject's body will not be able to withstand it.

And that is why――,

Kafma: [It pains me to have to settle this with you in this way.]

Expressing his regret, Kafma closed his eyes and offered a silent prayer to his vanquished opponent. But the time for sentimentality is short-lived, and Kafma quickly turns around and once again looks outside the city walls.

Although he has beaten off the first attack of the centaurs, the second group will soon come at him. As many times as they jumped in. Each time, he would strike them all down - or so he thought, right after that.

Kafma: [――hk, what the!]

Kafma stood up and tried to call forth the thorny "insects" that were circulating in his body, but there was a roar that occurred right in front of him. ――Opening his eyes to tremendous impact like an explosion occurred very near to him.

For a moment, Kafma suspected that the rebels had brought out some kind of weapon to breach the city walls, but he quickly realized that he was mistaken.

However, that understanding did not lead to relief.

Because――,

Kafma: [――Garfiel Tinzel.]

In Kafma's shuddering vision, Garfiel stood, having crawled back up the fallen ramparts.

The bloated, ravenous figure of the beast and the crazed fighter whose entire body was wrapped in a blazing fire.

△▼△▼△▼△

It was fortunate that the place where he fell was on top of an open field.

If he had fallen down onto the ramparts, he might not have been able to muster the strength to get back up. By virtue of falling onto the earth, however, the earth was on Garfiel's side.

Still, the damage done to his body was severe, and the splitting of his head and the sensation of being rummaged around inside his body were bringing death closer to Garfiel with each second.

A split head can be healed with healing magic. However, there is an " insect" preventing the activation of healing magic. The "insect" was not an attack, so it could not be removed by healing magic. There was no time to use the healing magic in the first place, and the " insects" got in the way, and his head was cracked open and blood and, blood and, blood and, blood and.

Garfiel: [And, oh.]

He clenches his back teeth and stops thinking, holding on to his tenuous hold on life.

Naturally, a split head. It cannot be relied upon. What is needed is the instinct to live, to follow it, to move the body forcefully, and then.

Then, the magic stone cannon that had been prepared on the wall, ready to intercept the enemy coming from outside the walls, then swallowing the magic stone loaded inside it and crushed it in his belly.

Instantly, the mana that has been stored within swells up inside Garfiel and burns the "insects". Once the "insects" is burned, all that is left behind is a devastating wound.

――No, only wounds, and the enemy.

Otto: [Listen, Garfiel, please remember this well.]

Otto: [If they find out who we are and where we are from, it could lead to a very serious diplomatic incident. So, please avoid carelessly saying unnecessary things to provoke the other side.]

Otto: [However, because it is you, I would not expect you to be so patient. I would not tell you to buy or sell as a merchant. That is why――]

Otto: [So, make sure you remember this one thing.]

Otto: [If You buy and Sell Words――]

Garfiel: [I did, then.]

While his tongue twisted and his rationality faded in a reflexive beastification to heal his severe injuries, what Garfiel hears endlessly in his brain are the words of his brother, the man he can count on in any situation.

Ahead of him, as he turns around, flickering and burning in the flames, there is a fearsome enemy confronting him.

Well, he needed an enemy.

To do what his brother told him to do, the enemy.

Because, they told him. ――Otto Suwen told Garfiel.

Otto: [――Make sure to beat that opponent until they can no longer stand on their feet!]

Garfiel: [I'm gonna beat the shit out of them!]

The roar of the beast rises again, and now the transformed Garfiel, now a raging beast, flies, trampling the ramparts. Witnessing its momentum, the enemy in front of him ――Kafma opened his eyes and laughed.

Laughing, Kafma raises his arms and darts forward as well.

Kafka: [Come, Garfiel Tinzel!]

Garfiel: [Aaaaaaaaaaahhhh――!]

The golden tiger's fangs bared, leaping into the fray, and waves of purple thorns filling his vision, colliding head-on, causing the star-shaped vertex to break apart.

It was as if to confirm the suspicions held by the Emperor of the Throne――.

???: [――――]

The unmovable crash of the heavens. An arrow that engraved a fissure in the history of the empire
