Arc 7 Chapter 79 - "Boisterous Scarlet Laughter"
*This is a Work in Progress, everything is subject to change*

―― Priscilla's sudden appearance created a great whirlwind of words and phrases.

???: [――――]

At that moment, a certain silence and blankness pervades the hall, giving everyone the illusion that time has stopped.

It was a statement that cannot be misheard, but she didn't quite understand what it meant. She couldn’t get the meaning correctly from the sound; that's the impression she had.

She said "Dear Mother", the time it took for her to search her brain for the word that the sound means.

However――,

Emilia: [――? Yorna is Priscilla’s mother?]

Emilia tilted her head curiously, as soon as a different sound of "Mother" came forth from her, "Dear Mother" and "Mother" connected, and she understood the essence of "Dear Mother" and "Mother".

Controlling the fluttering sensation in his own head, Otto compared the two people who had his attention ― Priscilla and Yorna. Yorna, who was staring at her, unable to move, and Priscilla, who was looking at the latter calmly.

They had different hair and eye colors, and they were of different races, to begin with.

Of course, in the case of mixed blood, there were individual differences in which blood of a parent was stronger, but Priscilla and Yorna had no similarities in appearance.

If one could say so, they both had lustrous good looks but――,

Otto: [If we treated people like family at that level, the world would be full of big families.]

Concluding this, Otto held his confusion in check.

Still, hearing about Priscilla and Yorna's relationship made some sense. ――Priscilla's stern attitude and personality certainly gives off a strong sense of imperial style.

Priscilla: [I can feel the unpleasant eyes that are fixed on mineself, but that's okay.]

Otto gasped at the warning look in Priscilla's eyes, reading the intent of her gaze. Leaving Otto aside, Priscilla looked at Emilia and said,

Priscilla: [Half-devil, it is as you say. I had no idea that you had become one of the “Nine Divine Generals”. I have known it since I was a child, but how strange it is.]

Yorna: [Well, I'm surprised. But now that you mention it, I guess we both look a lot alike.]

Priscilla supported her chin with the fan in her hand, and Emilia nodded in reply.

Just before, the dissimilarity of the external features that Otto denied in his heart, made him wonder whether Emilia reached a conclusion different from his, but leaving that aside for now.

The problem is――,

Yorna: [――I'll be waiting.]

Priscilla's words were unexpectedly pointed out by Yorna herself. She closed her eyes for a moment and erased her previous turmoil from her expression.

Yorna: [I was a little surprised, but it's an unacceptable statement. Why do you think I am the Lord's mother…]

Priscilla: [Stop making up trifling evasions. If you plan to trick me, you must change your soul. No matter how you change your appearance, you cannot deceive my scarlet eyes.]

Yorna: [――hk]

Yorna's calm expression tightens again at Priscilla's decisive response.

Priscilla's language was conceptual, and, in addition, had no intention of compromising with others. This makes it hard to take in the exact meaning of what was said, but it seemed to have been fatal to Yorna.

Yorna was clearly flustered by Priscilla's gaze and the sharpness of her tongue.

However, Yorna wasn't the only one who showed strong turmoil on this occasion――,

???: [――stupid.]

Clearly, the amazement at the situation at hand spilled over.

It was faint, so faint that it could have been missed, but it was coming from the other party, and Otto did not miss the voice that spilled out from behind the Oni mask.

Abel, a man who seemed cool-headed rather than calm and unperturbed, made that one comment.

“Priscilla,” he called out, while hiding the slight agitation behind his face,

Abel: [Are you serious? Yorna Mishigure is Sandra Benedict]

Priscilla: [――I see; you don't know that either, Abel. I don't blame you. I have no way of knowing except by self-report.]

Emilia: [But, you noticed that Priscilla didn't say anything, right?]

Priscilla: [Don't interrupt me. Silence, you half-devil.]

Emilia: [You don't have to say it that way…]

Priscilla, who responded to Abel's question in a nonchalant manner, glared at Emilia, who interrupted her, to silence her.

Whatever the case may be, this is an exchange that left out those in the Kingdom, including Otto, and those in the Empire who didn't know what was going on; Otto is also interested in the content that delves into Priscilla's internal affairs, as she is also a candidate for the Royal selection, but――,

Garfiel: [――Put off the unexpected reunion talk. Right now, the priority is this kid's story.]

Garfiel snarls as he shows his fangs, undaunted by the change in the air.

The opponent whose green eyes pierce is Louis, who is still protected by Yorna and Medium. Garfiel was right, they can’t move forward or backward until they decide what to do with her.

Of course, the conclusion in Otto's mind that Louis should be restrained and deprived of her freedom is unassailable.

Garfiel: [I'm not sayin’ to kill her, but I'm sayin’ to tie her up and roll her over. That's the one thing I won't compromise... "Tinos limbs are going away."]

Al: [――That's probably going to be a story my bro doesn’t want to hear.]

Otto: [Yeah?]

Garfiel, who concurred with Otto, snapped his fangs at the remark.

The person who interrupted them was Al, who had come up to the top level with Priscilla. He was still the same eccentric-looking guy, scratching the nape of his neck with his one-armed hand in a somewhat unenthusiastic manner.

Al: [First of all, lemme apologize to you first. ――I'm sorry I couldn't bring brother home after we went to Chaosflame together.]

Emilia: [Al...  no, thanks for apologizing. But I'm not the only one disappointed that I didn't get to meet Subaru; Beatrice is the one disappointed the most.]

Al: [Oh, then I'm sorry to that child and to the others as well.]

Al bowed his head as he uttered an apology for Subaru's absence.

Notwithstanding Al's usual frivolous attitude, his apology seemed genuine. However, a sincere apology does not necessarily lead to forgiveness or a good impression.

Garfiel: [If anything, an easy apology will only increase the number of people who will take advantage of ya. In fact, if you’re willing to apologize, I would prefer that ya don't interfere.]

Al: [That's harsh. But, as I said earlier, it's up to bro to decide what to do with this lil’ girl… Natsuki Subaru doesn’t want to do it.]

Garfiel: [So, why the hell did’cha do that? You're just saying random things…]

Al: [――I, too,  tried to kill the lil’ one and was stopped by my bro.]

Garfiel's irritated words were drowned out by Al's thirsty words. At this gasped response, Al shrugged his shoulders and nodded at Louis,

Al: [You guys are like that. Isn't it natural that I want to kill you? Even though...]

Otto: [Did Natsuki-san reject it?]

Al: [To be honest, I couldn't believe my ears. Originally, I was thinking that he had some lil’ stranger girl with him, but then I found out that she was a Sin Archbishop. He was trying to protect her with his body. I thought I knew that bro had a lot of crazy ideas, but he exceeded my imagination.]

Al's gaze shot through his helmet at Louis as he said this. Under the gaze, Louis groaned, "Uu...], but instead of hiding behind Medium and the others, she looked straight back at him.

The light in those blue eyes was neither mean nor poor.

Otto: [――――]

As he watched, Otto examined Al's testimony.

Otto himself believed that the reason Subaru was not able to get his hands on Louis was "naivete”.

The "naivete" that Subaru and Emilia possessed was both a weakness and a strength.

Once you let go of it, you can never get it back, and even though it may feel difficult to handle, Otto never wanted it to be gone.

Otto: [We, the people around us, can make decisions without such “naivete”.]

Al: [I understand, bro. But it's hard now. After all, we're talking in front of all these people. There is no going back from that.]

Frederica: [...Otto-sama]

Frederica stomped the floor with her shoes and called out to Otto's profile. Her beautiful eyes flicker with concern and anxiety at the prospect of taking action here.

Otto also felt that it was a mistake to mention the identity of Louis here. ――No, to start with, the problem was that Louis had already been accepted by the people involved.

Taritta and Mizelda's conclusion, which has become prevalent in the fortified city,

Therefore――,

Otto: [So, you are saying you are just going to let her loose?]

Al: [Sure, I wouldn't have forgiven her if she'd done something wrong. But...]

Medium: [ Louis-chan was always trying to protect Subaru-chin. She never misbehaved while she was with us. She never will!]

Medium raises a frantic voice, taking in Al's words.

Her statement was just wishful thinking, and Louis's actions to date do not guarantee what Louis will do in the future. That is the most critical focus of the issue.

Petra: [I watched the Master do it, so maybe I can make an oath magic seal...]

Otto: [――. We should not do that. I, thought for a moment that was possible.]

Petra hesitantly suggested the idea, but Otto rejected it.

Petra speaks of a "magic seal," a binding of the soul to make the recipient keep their word, something Roswaal has inscribed on his body that, if broken, would kill him.

Roswaal, as the mastermind behind the events that occurred in the "Sanctuary" and at the former Roswaal mansion, personally inscribed it to show his surrender to the camp.

As the words suggest, "magic seal" is clearly "magic".

Superstitious as it may seem, some say that magic will eventually rebound on the user. If one continues to bind others through magic, the magic will eventually burn one's soul as well.

He has no intention of having Petra take on such a burden, and even if she were able to do so and inscribe a magic seal that would bind Louis' actions, it would be no more than insurance.

Otto: [Because we do not have a full picture of what we can bind to buy us peace of mind.]

The Authority of a Sin Archbishop, no one knows its full extent.

As long as they don't know what hidden curveballs will be thrown out, ultimately, no matter how they are bound, Otto's wariness of Louis can never be lifted. That is, as long as they do not take a life.

If so, vigilance would be more stable if there were no such thing as a magic seal, which might lead to carelessness.

Otto: [Regrettably, that is my conclusion.]

Garfiel: [Ottobro! Ya sure about that? That's a Sin Archbishop!

Hearing Otto's thoughts, Garfiel raises his voice in a scream.

Even though he is absolutely right, Otto understands the frustration of being forced into a situation where he feels he is being stifled, wanting to empathize with his younger brother's heartache.

Otto: [However, discussing it here will not get everyone's approval. With the current situation where there is still a lot left to be heard, I do not wish for things to break down with all of you.]

Priscilla: [Therefore, if we are to use force, it should be after hearing what they have to say, correct? How stubborn.]

Otto: [I do not intend to do such a rash thing, but I will take that in itself as a compliment, Priscilla-sama.]

When Priscilla brilliantly expressed Otto's sentiment, he at least attempted to put up a good front.

Whatever the case, the answer to Garfiel is a frustrating reality.

Abel, who has a considerable influence in the city, and the "People of the Shudraq," who have shown their non-negotiable stance on the treatment of Louis - there is no way to dissuade them.

There was no basis for eliminating Louis beyond their being a Sin Archbishop.

Once that didn't work, there would be no other recourse remaining on their side but to use force. However, killing Louis does not necessarily erase the effects of Gluttony's Authority, and is it worth it to have the disadvantage of turning all of the Empire against them thereafter?

Emilia: [Fighting like that just makes all of us a little less anxious. That's how it is, right?]

Otto and Garfiel: [――――]

Garfiel, fangs gnashing, and Otto with one eye closed.

Emilia's amethyst eyes flashed as she traced the flow of the conversation and came to this conclusion. Beatrice, in her arms, called out her name, "Emily.].

Emilia: [I'm sorry, …Lady Beatrice.  You're worried a lot, I know you are.]

Beatrice: [...as long as you understand properly, good, I suppose.]

They exchanged glances and words very close to each other, and Beatrice's round eyes were downcast. Emilia nodded her head, understanding Beatrice's feelings, and turned her gaze toward Louis and Medium.

The girl who leans on her like a sister looks back at her gaze.

Emilia: [That little girl… Louis might be reaaally dangerous. That's just what Otto-kun and the others have said, and you know that, don't you?]

Medium: [...Yeah, I know.]

Emilia: [But you didn't see Louis do anything that was dangerous or bad; did Louis do anything to you or Subaru?]

Medium: [Yeah, she tried to protect us. It's true; I'm not lying. It’s that right Abel-chin, Al-chin, Taritta-chan, and Yorna-chan?]

Staring directly at Emilia, Medium was trying her best to choose the right words. As she chose, she asked those who had returned from the Demon City with her to agree.

Abel and Yorna, both still recovering from their earlier exchange with Priscilla, reacted sluggishly, but Al shrugged, and Taritta nodded.

Taritta: [Yes, Louis certainly tried to protect everyone. She was very fond of Subaru, in my opinion.]

Otto: [As expected of the "Lolimancer," the atmosphere was not one that could be joked about.]

Beatrice: [...that moniker, Betty does not like it very much, in fact! Be careful, I suppose.]

Beatrice's disgruntled, low voice slightly relaxes the wariness of the last minute; perhaps Beatrice has decided to leave it to Emilia's judgment as to how to proceed with Louis.

Even with the same conclusion, Emilia would softly adjust it to what Otto and Beatrice had presented.

Then, Emilia spoke, looking at Louis.

Emilia: [You were concerned about Subaru. I don't believe that's a lie. So I want to believe in you as much as this girl who is trying so hard to believe in you.]

Garfiel: [――hk, Emilia-sama, she's.]

Emilia: [Even Garfiel was so biting us at first. But now he's reaaally good friends with us, isn't he?]

Emilia's discourse is a bit disingenuous, given that Garfiel and Louis are in different positions and under different circumstances. However, when Emilia says it, it is true that it is hard to respond back.

As the situation progressed, Garfiel's cheeks hardened in bitterness. Emilia's response was a small apologetic "Sorry.].

Emilia: [It might be difficult. But I think it's best to start there, if you can talk about it properly, instead of going all in and just being so hostile at the beginning. Of course, sometimes you have to be hostile from the start...]

[――――]

Emilia: [I think it would be nice if everyone here could get along with me. I want to tell them that I want to be friends with them. For that, then I have to open my clenched hand first.]

Saying this, Emilia looked down at Beatrice in her arms. Beatrice looked at her gently and then gave a small nod.

Seeing Beatrice's nod, Emilia slowly stepped forward.

Right in front of Yorna, past the glaring Garfiel, and in front of the small Medium sheltering little Louis behind her back.

And then――

Emilia: [This is reaaally a roundabout way of saying this, but… I believe in Zikr-san and Mizelda-san and others who have been so kind to Subaru and Rem, and I want to believe Medium-chan and everyone else who believes in them. So please let me believe in you, who Medium-chan believes in.]

Louis: […Ah, Uu.]

Emilia: [Not us, but for these children that are being very nice to you, because it's really nice to know that there are people who believe in you.]

Emilia gently held out her right hand to Louis as she said this.

With Beatrice held with her left hand, the seated Emilia moved toward Louis. Emilia's action made even Medium, who was trying to protect Louis, suddenly move toward her.

Emilia: [Louis-chan.]

And, so she calls out to them.

Perhaps it was her call, or perhaps Emilia's words had some meaning for the absent-minded Sin Archbishop, that prompted Louis to extend her hand.

As Emilia holds out her right hand, Louis places her own right hand on top of hers.

Otto is momentarily concerned about the possibility of the Authority being activated on Emilia as a result of this, but Otto regrets this concern and feels that he should despise it with all his heart.

Either way――

Louis: [Uau.]

Emilia: [ hm, I'm worried about Subaru, too.]

Embracing each other's hands, Emilia smiled in reply, and that was the conclusion for both Otto and Emilia's camp. The conclusion was "put on hold.].

――However, Otto was proud of Emilia, because even though the pitfalls were the same, the way Emilia said it and the way he would have said it would have been different.

△▼△▼△▼△

Garfiel: [――My amazin' self won't take my eyes off of ya, y'know]

It was decided that a temporary "deferment" be placed regarding handling Louis.

In response to that, Garfiel, who had insisted to the end that he could not accept that, made such an assertion to Emilia and the girl she had shaken hands with.

Since Garfiel's concerns and warnings were natural, Otto would not interject.

Otto: [Since I can't imagine a Witch Cultist reforming, much less a Sin Archbishop]

Otto's cold, realistic thinking came to that conclusion.

Even if it had been a touching historic exchange between Emilia and Louis. However, while he 
――The defeats of the White Whale, the Great Rabbit, and the Sin Archbishops of Sloth and Greed had also been unimaginable.

It had been Natsuki Subaru who had, in a little over a year, caused these things to happen time after time.

The world saw these as achievements of the Emilia camp, but everyone in the camp understood that Subaru's contributions were especially significant. Therefore, he would completely consider the possibilities.

It might have been that, once again, Natsuki Subaru had done something unthinkable.

Otto: [I do not like it...]

The question of how the people around them would evaluate Subaru, when that actually happened, had him feeling down spirited.

He thought that others should quickly also get to know Subaru's true humanity――.

Zikr: [Once the discussion has settled down, if I may?]

In the large chamber where the mood of the discussion had relaxed, Zikr had raised his hand and, with those words, began to speak.

Having drawn attention to himself, he prefaced his remarks with, "With your permission".

Zikr: [Although I am very interested in the relationship between Miss Priscilla and General Yorna, there are some things I want to first confirm with Abel-dono]

Abel: [――. You may ask what you will]

Zikr: [Yes]

Abel, who had been keeping his mouth shut, assented when this topic had arisen.

Although he had not interjected regarding how Louis would be handled, it seemed he had put a brief pause to the shock from before. Having been addressed, he gazed at Zikr, his black eyes urging him to continue speaking.

Zikr: [I am aware that General Yorna's cooperation has been acquired, and that the collapse of the Demon City of Chaosflame...that as a result of that, Miss Natsumi has fallen into danger. What I wanted to inquire additionally was about a rumor that has spread over the past few days――]

Abel: [――a rumor]

Zikr: [Yes. ――The rumor of the son of His Excellency the Emperor, that there is a black-haired crown prince]

Reverently bowing his head, Zikir told Abel of that.

That rumor――one which alluded to the existence of the son of the Emperor, Vincent Vollachia, had been circulating and had also reached Otto's ears.

On top of that, the rumor said that the Emperor's son had a rebel army ――that is to say, he was the leader of the group gathered at the Fortress City of Guaral, and that he was flying the banner of rebellion, or something of the like.

However, he did not remember seeing anyone who had looked like that in the city.

Zikr: [According to the reports, this rumor had spread from the East. It has already spread all over the Empire, but its source...]

Abel: [It is as you have guessed, it was spread from the Demon City. ――It takes power to threaten the throne. And power will only gather under a great cause]

With his arms crossed and shaking his head slowly, Abel answered indifferently.

That answer was convincing, but in the first place, an effort to threaten the Emperor's throne was not an issue their camp really wanted to be involved with.

As for Otto, his focus had turned to how to curb the possibility that Emilia would say she could not abandon these people, having met them once.

Because of that, it could be said that he was late in noticing the possibilities he normally would have noticed.

Therefore――,

Petra: [...a black-haired, crown prince]

Petra, who seemed to be pondering, was the one who had muttered that bit by bit.

She had been brooding over something, forming a small crease on her pretty eyebrows. Then, she timidly expressed those thoughts.

That was――,

Petra: [Um, according to what Medium-san and the others had said earlier, Subaru became smaller right? Like Beatrice-chan or me]

Frederica: [That is what has been said. I cannot really imagine it, but if it was Subaru, it is possible to have encountered such a misfortune...Ah]

Otto: [――!]

Nodding at Petra's words, Frederica's eyes widened as she sorted through the information. Almost simultaneously with Frederica's realization, Otto also understood what Petra had been thinking.

And now, he had to curse how irrelevant his own thinking had been.

Petra: [Could it be that the rumored child of the emperor is Subaru?]

In the place of Otto, who had cursed that possibility, Petra had directly cut to the heart of the matter.

Unmoving, the girl's eyes were fixed on Abel, and through the Oni mask, his black eyes met them. Completely unwavering, Abel calmly nodded in assent to Petra's questioning,

Abel: [That is correct]

Petra: [――hk, Something like that.]

With the look in her eyes sharpening at that short answer, Petra had tried to raise her voice.

However, faster than, Petra could respond,

???: [――Ku, hahahahaha!]

Indeed, a wholeheartedly amused voice echoed.

The laughter that had not kept the circumstances in mind, shattered the mood in the large chamber. However, the reason no one could raise their voice immediately after that outburst was that that loud laughter was Priscilla's.

She held a fan to her mouth, as if to not show her teeth while she laughed.

Priscilla: [Of all things, that foolish commoner as the crown prince, that makes me laugh. Aah, Abel, do you, plan to kill me with laughter? You have considerably changed your way of doing things, have you not]

Al: [Princess?]

Priscilla: [What is it? You may laugh as well, Al. No, did you also take part in this conspiracy? If so, how skillfully have you made mineself laugh? I must say you have performed the duties of a clown splendidly.]

Turning towards a surprised Al, Priscilla looked pleased while commending him. The unpredictability of Priscilla's reaction had temporarily taken away the zeal in the large chamber.

Of course, that did not mean it had erased all the confusion.

Emilia: [Umm, what do you mean? There's no way that Subaru is the Emperor's child, right? After all, Subaru came from beyond the Great Waterfall]

Frederica: [Emily, that is one of Subaru-sama's jokes]

Emilia: [Is that so? Then, is it really true?]

Otto: [As for the question of whether he is a child of the emperor, it is not true. A fiction]

Emilia: [Eh? Eh? Eh?]

An astonished Emilia said that she did not understand a thing.

In short, Subaru's infantilization and the goal of Abel's group had luckily meshed.

Frederica: [To be precise, I think it would more proper to say they made use of it once it happened]

Otto agreed with what Frederica had said, that this had been an effective use of the situation.

When Abel and the others had raised a rebellion, they wanted a good pretext like that. To act as a figurehead for that purpose, there was no one more convincing than the Emperor's child.

Of course, it was quite possible that using someone who did not exist as the leader would be a double-edged sword.

Otto: [Since Natsuki-san does exist, even a double-edged sword could be useful depending on how it is used?]

Abel: [An insolent manner of speaking, but that is to my liking. In that case, you should also understand]

Otto: [――It is frustrating, but]

Rightfully, Otto and the others would be justified in resenting Subaru's circumstances being exploited.

However, although his reply that it was frustrating was not a lie, it was true that there was a certain noticeable value in the course of events Abel had devised.

That was because――,

Frederica: [――For Subaru-sama, whose whereabouts are unknown, it would cause the likelihood of him losing his life to be greatly reduced.]

Otto: [...Yes]

Otto nodded bitterly at Frederica's understanding.

Emilia and Garfiel were slow in comprehending Otto and Frederica's thoughts. With the two showing confusion on their faces, they racked their brains and asked, "What does that mean?]

Emilia: [I have absolutely no idea what you're talking about, but...]

Garfiel: [I get that the Captain's been given a strange title. But, wouldn't makin' him the Captain of the rebellion be even more dangerous]

Otto: [No, it will draw attention, but the threats to his life will be lightened more or less. Because the value of the "Crown Prince" can only be effectively demonstrated while he is alive]

The "Crown Prince," a dissident threatening the reign of Vincent Vollachia.

This existence within the rebel cause had utilizable value to both allies and enemies of the current Emperor. It goes without saying for the rebelling side, but if he was kept alive, there were many ways to use him on the Emperor's side as well.

Executing him would dampen the spirits of the rebel army, while a living "Crown Prince" could be used to force them to give up their righteous cause.

Otto: [That is to say, no matter where Natsuki-san was hurled off to, and even if he is taken into custody, the likelihood of him avoiding being killed on the spot is high. Instead of that――]

Emilia: [Instead of that?]

Otto: [...The struggle for the Vollachian throne, the way out of this rebellion, has been lost.

Receiving a blessing goes hand in hand with having to bear responsibilities.

Whether he wished for it or not, right in the middle of the uprising of the Vollachian Empire, Subaru would end up having to ride a palanquin to its peak.

For that reason――,

Priscilla: [――How can you not help but laugh?]

And with those words, they could finally guess why Priscilla, who had gotten the answer well before, was cruelly laughing.



