*This is a Work in Progress, everything is subject to change*

――Steadily, the fires of rebellion spread through the Vollachian Empire.

In the past few days, the empire has been buzzing as if the peace and quiet of the past few years were a lie, complaining of the thirst for blood that has built up within it until it has turned to sludge.

The history of the Vollachian royal family has been a river of blood for generations, and the current emperor was expected to put an end to this horrifying tradition.

In fact, during the reign of the emperor, although there were some skirmishes, the situation that was considered a major upheaval was avoided.

The people were supposed to be enjoying "peace" for the first time since the founding of the country.

However――,

???: [When you look at it from the outside, the people of the empire didn't want a peaceful and safe life.]

On their knees, sitting in a chair, looking at the map showing the war situation, they muttered in a sympathetic mood.

It wasn’t known what principles Emperor Vincent Vollachia used to run the state, but it was not as if he just happened to win peace and quiet.

Exhausted physically and mentally on a year-by-year basis, he built an unprecedented era of peace within the empire.

One could only imagine the disappointment in their hearts when they found out so easily that they were not wanted. ――The people were stupid, and the emperor was pathetic.

???: [From my point of view, I don't know why they bother to increase the possibility that they might die… I don't know what goes through the minds of those insane people. That guy… uh, yeah, and Jamal and others.]

He remembered that in his spare time, he used to argue about the pride of the imperial people.

Todd Fang braced himself as he tried to remember the man whose face was no longer blurred. It would be troublesome if he made a careless remark and was found to have forgotten Jamal.

At the very least, Jamal still has to live in his heart and mind in front of a woman who should be treated with care and respect.

???: [――Todd, are you tired?]

Suddenly, at the edge of Todd's vision, as he unfolded the map, he saw the face of a woman leaning over.

Frankly, it's heartbreaking. She must have been on the roof of the carriage just before. Todd's perception could not grasp when she had arrived next to him.

However, there were countless such masters in the world. The world would be a very difficult place to live if we were frightened by the existence of opponents whom we could not beat in a fair fight.

Most people falter because they are confused about not being able to win with not being able to kill.

Even if one can never win, there were some people who they can easily kill.

Todd did not consider such an opponent a threat. Hence, so did the woman next to him―― Arakiya.

Arakiya: [Todd?]

Sliding in through the open window, Arakiya sat on the carriage couch―― or, rather, squatted on the seat with her knees bent, unceremoniously.

Even though she lived in the capital for a long time, she didn’t master the manners of the city at all.

This was either because the person in question didn’t have that kind of education or the people around her didn't do it right. What tended to happen to strong people like her was that they were left alone because they were strong.

In Vollachia, the strong took precedence over all conditions.

Hence, a vicious cycle was established in which no one could blame the strong Arakiya for any unseemly or disrespectful behavior. Of course, if one were stronger than she was, one would be allowed to complain about her manners.

???: ["The Blue Lightning," as they are called, is a freak of nature, just like Arakiya.]

If one were in the Vollachian Empire, one would have plenty of opportunities to hear rumors about the Empire’s most powerful “one”,

For better or worse, one would likely say that the rumors about the “one” are all things that are considered bad even by the empire's values. And that isn’t suitable for Arakiya’s education.

As a result, the behavior of Arakiya’s had probably not been enforced.

Of course, Todd has had no reason to correct that, but he did――,

Todd: [Arakiya, sit down properly. It's unsightly.]

Arakiya: [Sit? Me in the chair?]

Todd: [What else is there? What do you think a chair is?]

Hearing the inquiry with a strange look on her face, Todd replied with a grimace. In response, Arakiya wondered, but obediently took the correct way to sit in the chair.

However, since her legs were open, he tapped her knees to make her close them too.

Todd: [People down there see how the strong behave. In the empire, anything goes as long as you're strong, but that's the thing, soldiers have hearts too. Even you don't have to think about whether it's easier to fight a superior officer if you like or dislike them.]

Arakiya: [...Does it make sense? That. Anyway, I'm going to fight alone.]

Todd: [After you ravage the battlefield, what about hunting down the survivors? Who's going to clean up the corpses? Who will negotiate with those who surrendered?]

Arakiya: [――――]

Todd: [In fact, if you want to be alone, why am I here? Your words are full of contradictions.]

After a moderate argument, Arakiya, who made a difficult face, fell silent.

Fortunately, he now knows that this is not the face of the second most powerful person in the empire, staring in frustration, and accepting that he has a reasonable point of view.

In the beginning, he was careful about pointing out things, but now he didn’t hold back.

Once he got the hang of it, Arakiya was like training a sheepdog.

What makes it different from a sheepdog was that the dog itself was also a wolf with tremendous strength.

He laughed at himself for thinking like that, though.

Arakiya: [Todd, are you tired? I knew it]

Todd: [If I'm tired, it’s because of the long journey. You are a hard worker. I can see why His Excellency the Emperor and the Prime Minister and others find you useful.]

Arakiya: [...Necessary, so.]

Arakiya again expressed her concern for Todd, who had fallen silent, and he turned his head to look at her as he dismissed her concern out of hand and cut her off.

Arakiya is probably aware that she was being used as a convenience.

She was not the type to talk about herself, and Todd wasn’t interested, so he didn’t delve into the topic, but considering how he’ll be treated in the future, it might be worth asking.

If those who know him find Todd to be selfishly familiar, it's a worthwhile deal.

Todd: [You――]

Arakiya: [The map, what were you looking at?]

However, his attempt to speak was completely squashed by Arakiya, who changed the subject. "Mugh," Todd choked on his words, and tilted the map so that Arakiya could see it.

The map showed the entire area of Vollachia, but it was a simplified version that only showed the major cities and topography, on which Todd had added his own senses.

Arakiya stared at it; her well-shaped eyebrows raised a great deal,

Arakiya: [...I don’t know.]

Todd: [No doubt.]

Arakiya spoke of incomprehension, but Todd did not blame her for being uneducated about it.

That was not a resignation to Arakiya's learning ability, but simply because the map was written in such a way that no one but Todd could decipher it.

No special words or symbols were used, but the meanings were reread or intentionally incorrect symbols were used so that information cannot be extracted by others.

Even if the map were inadvertently dropped, Todd's actions would not be broken from here. Also, in the unlikely event that he was captured, he may be kept alive for the purpose of deciphering the map.

It was a good thing to do, it was called the third hand to avoid stumbling.

Todd: [Significant notes record the location and scale of the battle. Nonsensical notes are just a distraction. I won't tell you which is which.]

Arakiya: [I don't know, so even if you tell me. ...A lot?]

Todd: [Yeah, I've never seen a situation this out of hand since His Excellency became the Emperor.]

Although a subjectless question, Arakiya's question referred to the rebellions that had taken place throughout the empire.

Not only was it an expression of rebellion against the emperor, but there had been frequent clashes between actual imperial soldiers and rebels, and the call for rebellion was high and widespread throughout the region.

What had become the catalyst was the symbol of the righteous cause of the rebel army planning to usurp the Imperial throne――,

Todd: [The illegitimate child of His Excellency The Emperor, the black-haired crown prince.]

Arakiya: [His Excellency's child...is it true?]

Todd: [Well. What's important is not whether it's true or not, but rather that a rumor like that is being spread, and that the force of the flames is continuing to get stronger without finally going out.]

Arakiya: [――――]

Todd: [That's why hardworking people are being recruited all over the place. Incidentally, I was as well.]

As one the Nine Divine Generals personally selected by the Emperor, it was natural that Arakiya could speak with Emperor Vincent Vollachia, whose existence was supposed to be unreachable.

It was a mystery as to how far Arakiya's values could be trusted, but even from her perspective, it seemed the existence of the Emperor's illegitimate child being held up by the rebel army was questionable.

However, as Todd himself had said, whether it was correct or not was not important.

Todd: [If they didn't want people to think this rumor was important, they should have extinguished the fire while it was still small. Because this uproar is the result of having fallen behind there.]

Arakiya: [――. Is it connected? The thing with Gladiator Island.]

Todd: [That was...]

Having closed one eye, Todd's words were cut off by the muttering of Arakiya beside him.

She had mentioned the matter of the Gladiator Island Ginunhive, the first task ordered in secret by Berstetz, the Prime Minister of the Empire for Todd and Arakiya, had failed spectacularly.

It had happened just a few days prior, but having been ordered to kill all the Gladiators on Gladiator Island, Todd and Arakiya had proudly headed there in high spirits――and retreated just before they arrived, ending the matter without a major incident.

Naturally, Berstetz reprimanded him for failing to fulfill his duty, but Todd's instincts for sniffing out danger firmly refused to set foot on that island.

He had sensed that there was a threat over there that he absolutely should not confront.

Todd: [――――]

Todd, who placed absolute faith in that feeling, did not regret not landing on the island.

The fact that after that, the Gladiator Island was taken over by the Gladiators and contributed to the spreading fire as a part of the rebellion happening all over, could not possibly compete with his own life.

Even if Todd were to regret the decision he made, then, it would be――,

Todd: [Ridiculous. That's not like me at all.]

Arakiya: [Todd?]

Todd: [It's nothing. You worry too much. Rebellions are happening here and there, but none of them will last long. ――They’re just dreaming.]

Todd took the time to deny the question Arakiya had begun to ask earlier, and then shrugged.

He had not intended to mislead her or play her for a fool. Truly, the rebel army was dreaming. It was the kind of nightmare that felt good while in that dream-like state of mind, but the self-hatred, when they woke up, would make them want to die.

Or perhaps, it had been a nightmare that would descend to its end before they could wake up.

???: [――General First-Class Arakiya! Private First-Class Fang! We are arriving!]

It was right after Todd spits that out, that the sharp voice from the coachman's seat of the horse carriage reached them.

The shaking spreading from beneath their seats gradually subsided, and the speed of the horse carriage heading towards their destination had decreased. Then the carriage slowly stopped, and Todd and Arakiya went out the door.

Todd: [――――]

The two had lined up on a small hill, and the weather was dark and overcast with thick clouds, which seemed to Todd as if the sky was apprehensive about the future of the Empire as it plunged into unending civil war.

If he lowered his field of view, holding that kind of poetic impression, what could be seen was a battlefield on an excessively wide plain with a group of familiar equipment fiercely clashing with a group with unfamiliar equipment.

――With the Western Plains as the battlefield, the clash between the Imperial and rebel armies had already begun.

Todd: [Who is the opponent?]

With the Imperial soldiers having already set up an encampment, one of them came over to the pair on top of the hill.

That person looked daunted, having received Todd's question as soon as they opened their mouth. Since they were wearing a cloak, they were probably a "general." They were bewildered, having been spoken to overbearingly by Todd, who was nothing more than a Private First-Class.

However, when they noticed Arakiya beside Todd, they straightened up,

General: [The citizens of Kunohelemente killed their consul to raise morale. It seems the consul had just arrived after being appointed.]

Todd: [They were moved at a bad time. The consul had no luck either...So, who was it that plagued that group burning with enthusiasm.]

General: [It has not been confirmed. We believe there was no one.]

Todd: [If they were here, they should have shown their face at the beginning. ――General First-Class Arakiya.]

Arakiya: [Mm...]

Nodding after receiving the report from the "General," Todd called for Arakiya. Turning around with a sigh-like reply, there was a scene where she could fully demonstrate her abilities as the one ranked second in the Empire.

When that happened, all that remained was for Todd to make sure that no unnecessary obstacles were introduced.

Todd: [Give the signal and let your troops retreat. I recommend completely focusing on withdrawing. Otherwise――]

General: [Otherwise?]

Todd: [General First-Class Arakiya's flames do not pick and choose who they incinerate.]

It was not a statement particularly intended to threaten, but it seemed to have had the same effect on the "General" who heard it.

They gasped slightly and glanced at Arakiya. Arakiya, whose face was stoic as usual, noticed that gaze and looked at the "General."

Faced with the crimson eye not covered by her eye patch, the "General’s" cheeks stiffened,

General: [Sound the drums! Pull back the troops!]

The "General" immediately switched gears and issued pointed instructions to the subordinates in the camp.

Unlike the unreasonable common soldiers, a battlefield with a proper "General" meant a conclusion could be quickly reached, saving them trouble. However, that did not make the battlefield pleasant, so they should finish their unpleasant duties quickly.

Todd: [Arakiya, don't hit the soldiers who withdraw after hearing the drums.]

Arakiya: [Anything else?]

Todd: [Do as you please.]

Arakiya's eye flickered with slight bewilderment at having been told to do as she pleased.

Todd immediately reflected that that was a bad way to have said it. She was a woman with the power to do unthinkable things, but Arakiya did not seem to particularly like fighting.

So it was not appropriate to tell her to do as she pleased on the battlefield――,

Todd: [――Kill anyone who opposes you.]

That was the most proper way to issue a command.

Arakiya: [――――]

As soon as the sound of drums echoed through the air, the battlefield they could look down upon from the hill transformed.

The sound of steel striking steel had audibly faded away, and in its place, angry roars and battle cries, the great volume of the pursuers and the pursued that began to sweep over the battlefield.

However, that would not last long either.

――The raining explosive flames turned those would-be-hunters pursuing fleeing backs to ash.

It was when the ally in front of them, the compatriot beside them, or even one of their own limbs was engulfed in flames, that they were freed from their crazed pursuit and noticed.

That they were not the hunters, but merely the hunted.

Todd: [――――]

Gripping a branch in one hand like a child playing and turning her legs to flames below both knees, Arakiya rose above the hill, higher and higher, high up in the sky, and then made flames rain down from the sky incessantly.

A terrifying tactical weapon that seemed to change the color of the world, was an appropriate description for this spectacle.

Flames headed full speed at the ground, burning enemies in accordance with the conditions Todd had ordered. Those who stopped upon seeing their enemies being burnt, vulgarly thinking things were going well, had made a mistake in judgment.

If they stopped, Arakiya's flames would not be able to select who to scorch.

General: [Sound the drums! Sound the drums! Everyone, fall back!!]

Witnessing the war situation being recast, the "general" raised his voice with all his might.

Although it is said that all Imperial soldiers go into battle prepared to die, this is not the same as not being afraid of dying in vain.

Even if they remained there, they wouldn't get more prestige than a stray dog that burned to death.

Consequently――,

???: [――Private First-Class Fang! Stop General First-Class Arakiya!]

An angry shout hit Todd's eardrums, he already felt like he had done his job as he watched the rebel formation collapse as the battlefield was licked by the demons of fire.

When he turned around, a different empire soldier from the “general” who ordered the soldiers to withdraw was screaming desperately with a face stained black with soot.

As Todd frowned, wondering what was going on, the soldier's face flushed red from the flames,

Soldier: [The other side has come out to surrender! The battle is over!]

Todd: [Can we allow such a self-serving offer? I don't like saying this, but unlike the situation where if we don't pull back, we will suffer damage as well, we can now unilaterally annihilate them all. It's better to cut off any unnecessary troubles and make an example out of them.]

If Arakiya's ability was used well, their side could win without losing a single soldier.

Todd thought that it would be more appropriate to make an example of them and make them regret their decision to join the rebellion rather than allowing them to surrender and get the upper hand.

However, Todd's opinion was challenged by the soldier's appeal that followed.

Soldier: [No! Those who have surrendered claim that the “Crown Prince” is with them!]

Todd: [――What the hell?]

At the Imperial soldier's report, Todd reflexively grabbed him by the collar. The soldier choked, but Todd didn't care as he brought his face closer,

Todd: [Why is the "Crown Prince" mentioned here? I thought you said he wasn't here.]

Soldier: [Th, they hid him… and now he's coming out…]

Todd: [Damn, was that their trump card? Those guys don't even know the value of their hand.]

Releasing the soldier whom he had grabbed by the collar, Todd exhaled deeply.

He then looked up at Arakiya circling overhead and hesitated on whether to call out to her. After careful consideration,

Todd: [Bring the messenger.]

Soldier: [Huh? But…]

Todd: [Bring him. If they don't want to get annihilated, make him run like hell.]

The soldier began to argue with Todd's nonchalant instructions, then quickly realized that it was pointless and turned away.

Todd also didn’t want to wield Arakiya's brute power either, but he had to do so while it helped the narrative move faster.

――Especially in the worst-case scenario, when the other party was holding the "Crown Prince".

Soldier: [Private First-Class Fang]

Not long after, the soldier from earlier returned to Todd.

Beside him was a ragged-looking young man, and in contrast to the bravery of the armor he was wearing, his face looked dismal and depressed as he realized his defeat.

It was understandable. Even Todd felt the same when he saw Arakiya's violence against the other side.

Although he felt pity for him, there was something he needed to confirm.

Todd: [I hear you guys have the “Crown Prince.” Is he the cause of your rebellion?]

Messenger: [Ye, yeah. The “Crown Prince” desires to become emperor. We share that aspiration, and we are trying to pave the way for him…]

Todd: [――That’s a lie]

Messenger: [Huh?]

Staring intently into the face of the person who was saying something significant, Todd interrupted. Hearing that, the man's expression became bewildered, and a shiver ran through him.

That reaction convinced Todd. ――In regards to whether or not he had made a false accusation.

Messenger: [Ack]

The next moment, Todd swung the axe at his waist and smashed the man's head open.

The man with the axe planted in the top of his head grunted softly and fell to the ground with his eyes rolled back in his head. In response to Todd's immediate action of slaying the messenger, the soldiers glanced at each other,

Soldier: [Private First-Class! To take the liberty to…]

Todd: [That guy lied. There is no "Crown Prince" on their side. These people chose the low road when it came to surrendering. ――General First-Class Arakiya will continue taking them out.]

Soldier: [Guh…If, if they actually have the “Crown Prince”]

Todd: [He isn’t there.]

The soldier was unable to continue with any further words, silenced by Todd's affirmation. With anger in Todd’s eyes, he dragged the corpse of the fallen enemy at his feet.

Todd scraped the flesh and blood from the axe with his fingers and let out a long sigh.

Together with Arakiya, he traveled around the country crushing the seeds of rebellion, but each time he did so, the presence of the "Crown Prince” stood in his way.

The illegitimate son of Vincent Vollachia, the only possibility to give legitimacy to the rebellions that erupted across the Empire――how many would attempt to revolt under the guise of that illegitimate child.

Even worse was Prime Minister Berstetz's order to capture the "Crown Prince" unharmed as much as possible and bring him back to the imperial capital.

Todd: [Oh, damn, I can’t talk about it. ――When can we go back to the Imperial City?

Every attempt to return to the Imperial Capital was unsuccessful, somehow it became a journey that took them all over the empire.

Todd bit his lip as he thought of his fiancée, who was still waiting for him to return to the Imperial Capital.

The flames licked everything on the battlefield, and those who chose to resist were burned with regret.

He pitied and, at the same time, despised those that did not see a future where this would happen and was in the wrong place at the wrong time.

The rebellion was crushed. No matter how much they raised their spirits, they would never be able to match the weight of the empire.

Todd thought that there was no doubt about this.

Todd: [――――]

The beginning of a full-scale civil war and the spreading fires of rebellion in various parts of the country.

It is as if someone was behind the flames of the war that was burning and spreading, as if someone intended them to.

Endlessly, endlessly someone was tingling Todd's survival instincts.

Todd: [――――]

Todd stood still with his eyes fixed on the spreading war and the actual burning battlefield.

Who on earth would want this warfare to engulf the Vollachian Empire? Whoever it was, Todd would read through it and obtain what he wanted at any cost.

He would spare no effort, no thought, no expense to do so. If there was one thing that concerned him.

Arakiya: [――. Does it matter? About Gladiator Island.]

Arakiya's question, asked just before arriving at the battlefield, ran through his mind.

Basically, Todd did not look back at what had passed. No matter what he did, he would simply correct it later. Nevertheless, that event was the only thing that continues to haunt him.

Without stepping ashore, Todd abandoned Gladiator Island and withdrew.

That decision must have been the right one. He had no regrets.

But if, by any chance, there was something to regret for any reason, it was…

Todd: [――On the day we withdrew, my life had been checkmated.]
