*This is a Work in Progress everything in this is subject to change*

It was while Rem was strolling through the mansion where she was held under house arrest, that she noticed that woman.

At the height of the battle at the fortress city of Guaral, in order to treat a wounded Flop O'Connell, Rem had been taken from the city along with him―― She had been taken to the Imperial Capital and confined in what was probably one of the most magnificent mansions in the city.

However, though it could be called house arrest, Rem's situation was one of relative freedom.

They were not confined to cramped rooms or prisons, nor were they subjected to excessive violence or verbal abuse. It would have been hard to call it tranquil, but it could probably have been said to be uneventful?

Food was prepared for every meal, and a time for bathing was also proposed. In some ways, it was definitely a better place to live than in the village of the People of Shudraq.

However, they could not go outside the mansion, and their conduct was watched by the soldiers in charge of security―― the private army of Berstetz Fondalfon, the owner of the mansion, so even if they were not locked up, it was not enough for them to forget their limitations.

In any case, regardless of the balance between freedom and limitations, Rem was involuntarily placed in this situation.

Naturally, it would have made Kuna and Holly feel inadequate, and it would not be surprising if Priscilla was indignant that she had left without asking permission.

Above all, how would the people that had left for the East react upon their return?

Louis, Medium, and a boy named Natsuki Subaru――.

???: [――ah]

It was when Rem was at the height of her heartbreaking worries, that she heard such a feeble voice.

When she turned her face toward the direction of the voice, she saw an unfamiliar figure in the garden in the center of the mansion―― one likely used more as a courtyard for the purpose of mounting and dismounting flying dragons, than for preserving a lush green landscape.

Although she had not met all of the soldiers and servants working in the mansion, she could tell at a glance that the person was not either.

This was because the person did not walk on their own feet, and had to sit in a chair with wheels attached.

???: [kuh, ugh...]

She was a fair-skinned woman with unruly dark brown hair, which she parted in two on either side of her head. Her long-lashed blue eyes flickered, and then she put strength into her slender shoulders and leaned forward.

What those trembling arms were putting strength into was the wheeled chair she was sitting in―― specifically, the wheels of the wheelchair. The wheels had large rims, which the person sitting in the chair could turn by hand to move forwards or backward.

However, it seemed one of the wheels was caught in a ditch in the corner of the path and, having no way out, was brought to a standstill.

???: [――――]

Tightly biting her thin lips, the woman fervently tried time after time to turn the wheel.

Still, her slender arms did not provide the necessary strength, and the wheel just wiggled back and forth fruitlessly. If she were to raise her voice and call for help, someone would have rushed to her, and yet she did not.

She did not want to rely on anyone. Rem felt a sense of kinship with such obstinacy. Of course, she had not known what kind of sentiment it was due to――,

Rem: [――I'll help you]

???: [Ah...]

Unable to leave her alone, Rem walked over to the woman stuck in the ditch and called out to her from behind.

Immediately rolling her eyes, the woman looked over her shoulder and gasped at Rem's presence. However, she instantly looked embarrassed and shut up, biting her lips.

Rem, once again feeling a sense of familiarity with that reaction, placed her hand on the back of the wheelchair.

The back of the wheelchair had handles on either side, so that a person standing behind could push it. Pushing that part by hand would move the wheelchair forward.

Rem: [One, two, aaand three]

When Rem put her strength into it, the wheel bounced with a bang, and the wheelchair escaped from the ditch in which it was stuck.

Using her hands, the woman stopped the wheelchair which moved forward slightly with too much momentum, then abruptly spun the wheels on the spot and looked back toward Rem.

And then――

???: [...you don't have to do that.]

She threw out a very cordial response.

Rem: [――――]

Reflexively, Rem's round eyes blinked in surprise, as she was taken aback by the woman's words.

Meanwhile, the woman averted her eyes from the Rem, and bit her lips,

???: [For something like that, I would have been fine without help. In the first place, what are you doing when you're the one with a cane? Y-You should do everything you can for yourself]

Rem: [Uhh... thank you for your concern]

???: [I'm not worried or anything! Are your ears useless? If not, then I guess the problem is with your head, yes your head]

Rem belatedly realized that those stammered words were apparently meant to be a cutting remark.

Her tone was harsh, but since the subtle sense that she was not accustomed to such speech hung in the air, she lacked the talent to deal damage with her words.

Frankly speaking, from Rem's point of view, after encountering Priscilla, the difference in power was about the same as that between a puppy and Mizelda.

???: [N-Now, get lost. I don't have the free time to...free time to be concerned about you]

Rem: [If you don't have any free time, does that mean you're fulfilling some kind of role?]

???: [Role...! Y-Yes, that's right. I have a proper role. Unlike you...]

After having been asked a question in return by Rem, the woman answered, her cheeks stiffening. In the middle of her answer, she scrunched up her thin eyebrows and scrutinizingly looked Rem from top to bottom.

Then, she brought her right thumb to her mouth and lightly bit it and, 

???: [...A face I haven't seen, and a presence I hadn't noticed. Who are you?]

Rem: [――. My name is Rem. Circumstances arose, and I was abducted to this mansion]

???: [Abducted...]

Rem: [Yes. Um, may I ask for your name?]

In order to approach the woman biting her nails and muttering, Rem asked for her name.

Perhaps, she believed the likelihood of being coldly rejected was higher.

Katya: [――Katya]

However, surprisingly readily, she―― Katya had introduced herself.

Rem did not know if it was due to some calculation, or if she had named herself reflexively while she was lost in thought, but Katya seemingly deliberated as she continued to bite her nails.

Katya: [By abducted, do you mean that you're a hostage too?]

Rem: [Hostage...would that be the case? It doesn't seem likely that asking me to play that role would be appropriate but...]

Unmistakably, Subaru was probably the only one that would relentlessly worry over Rem's disappearance.

Of course, she felt the Shudraqians and the O'Connell siblings would fret, and Priscilla may at least move an eyebrow, but that would not affect the overall situation.

Rem's existence would only affect the overall situation when Subaru affected the overall situation.

However――

Rem: [To think that man would go that far]

To Rem, it did not seem likely that he could do it, nor did she think that he should.

In a short time, she had been repeatedly shown a figure fervently continuing to resist in the midst of his own inability as he was tormented by absurdity. His figure as he continued to shoulder the burden of having to do everything by himself.

Rem could not stand it at all. It was not because she disliked or hated him.

Though, it was still difficult to verbalize why that was.

Rem: [――――]

Katya: [...Hey, don't just go silent?]

Rem: [Ah, sorry. I was just thinking a little about...Katya, what are you to Berstetz-san?]

Called out to by Katya, whose eyes had sharpened, Rem apologized for her silence and asked a question.

Since she was in this mansion, there was no doubt that Katya was also involved with Berstetz. However, it was difficult to imagine their relationship.

If this was someone with Madelyn's fighting strength, or if they had looked like an Imperial soldier, the relationship would be obvious, but Katya's appearance made it difficult to make such a connection.

If there was anything that came to mind――

Rem: [Berstetz-san's daughter or grandchild, perhaps?]

Katya: [The Prime Minister's? Stop that misunderstanding. First of all, Berstetz-sama is not married, and should not have a family. I'm not such a big deal]

Rem: [Is that so? That was unexpected]

"Unexpected?] Katya said as she tilted her head, but Rem shook her head and glossed over its true meaning.

At one point, when Berstetz and Rem had come face to face, he had explained the reason for his own rebellion against the emperor ――his distrust of an emperor that would not produce an heir. From Berstetz's standpoint as a supporter of the nation, the emperor's actions seemed like a dishonorable dereliction of duty.

Rem had been satisfied with that logic, even if it was difficult for her to sympathize due to having been dragged into it.

However, the fact that Berstetz had started a rebellion for such a reason was unconvincing when just like the emperor, he himself did not have a family.

Of course, she believed Berstetz had his own reasons.

Rem: [But, if you are not either of those, why are you in the mansion Katya-san?]

Katya: [...You're an unperceptive woman. I had asked if you were also hostage]

Rem: [――. If that's the case, are you also a hostage?]

When Rem asked her back, Katya begrudgingly nodded, the bitter look on her face unchanging.

Katya, too, was being held captive in the mansion as someone's hostage. ――Having received a slight surprise at that fact, Rem spun around and surveyed the mansion.

A large mansion enveloped in a majestic atmosphere.

However, there were probably many other secrets that lie within, including Rem and Katya, as well as the injured Flop.

Having confronted Berstetz directly, Rem recognized the old man as a man of great intellectual stature and a formidable wall standing in the way of Abel's attempt to regain the imperial throne.

However, Rem's imagination and speculation might never be able to gauge the horror of Berstetz wholly, should he be willing to scheme and target his enemy's weaknesses.

Rem: [Your family must surely be very worried about you having been taken hostage]

Katya: [...I don't know. To him, I might be nothing more than a replaceable tool. I-If I get in the way, he'll part with me right away]

Averting her gaze, Katya spat out that at Rem's words.

Even without her faltering speech, Rem could tell that those seemingly hateful words were not her true feelings. She had a clue as to what lay behind Katya's attitude.

Rem: [――――]

After all, that was the same shade of obstinacy belonging to none other than Rem.

She did not know what kind of person Katya would curse and keep at a distance. However, this complaint was more for the sake of convincing herself rather than it was for Rem to hear.

It was a lie told because she did not want herself to have too much faith in or too high expectations for that person.

It was a lie precisely because she did not want to admit that the other person thought her irreplaceable, nor that the other person was irreplaceable to her.

It was a lie specifically to deceive "herself," not anyone else.

Rem: [Katya-san, can we talk some more?]

Katya: [W-What...to do such a selfish thing, to the prime minister-sama...]

Rem: [I don't think he will be angry. If he does get mad, then tell him I forced you to do it.]

Katya: [That's not actually...ah, wait!]

Katya's lips trembled and she tried to refuse Rem. Quickly moving around behind Katya, Rem tucked her cane under her arm and gently gripped the handle of her wheelchair.

While pushing the wheelchair, Rem could also support the other person's body as well as her own. With this, she would not fall, even without the cane, and it was surprisingly not a bad place to stand.

Katya: [J-just doing whatever you want...What am I doing with you?]

Rem: [Which direction is your room, Katya-san? My room is on the west side]

Katya: [...T-The opposite, the east side]

Rem: [Understood. Well then, let's head that way]

Hearing Katya's weak reply, Rem pushed the wheelchair and started walking. Only at first was there a slight resistance, but Katya's fingers soon left the wheel, and she went along without a struggle.

She was aware that she was being a bit forcible in moving the conversation forward, but Rem was anything but hesitant in pushing.

She didn't really have any calculating thoughts, like that of Katya holding a vital secret of the mansion, or that befriending her would make visible a way out of this dead end.

Probably, Katya's presence would not be useful in moving the situation along.

She dimly understood the reason that Berstetz, who held Rem and Katya's beings hostage, had no family himself, was so that he would have no weaknesses.

And yet, there were several reasons why Rem was trying to come to terms with Katya in this way but――

Rem: [――There are so many things I have to know]

After having become a captive, she had the belief and resolve that she could not be the kind of weak person who would only spread the seeds of anxiety and worry in the people she knew.

Therefore, Rem was making every effort. Even if she did not know how she would do it, she would do it her own way.

Priscilla: [――No one can escape from who they are. Strive to remember my words, be diligent.]

There were more pressing things to do than repudiating one's own helplessness.

Yes, for the sake of putting into practice that person's clear words and not remaining at a standstill.

△▼△▼△▼△

――Flop slowly opened his eyelids, feeling the presence of others in the room.

Flop: [――――]

Shaking off the restless hand of drowsiness that entangled him, Flop's consciousness returned to the present.

Through his open eyelids, he could see a clean white ceiling, and quickly came to the understanding that he was in a room in a mansion where he was held captive.

It was past the point for any sort of panic for Flop. His body had also moved past the point where any motion in his arms or legs induced pain.

However past it was, it was still not a familiar situation.

Flop: [As a merchant, to be bedridden for days like this. I can’t help but be impatient.]

He was a peddler whose efforts on a given day determined how much money he had at the end of it.

It was not something that came to him naturally, but meticulousness was the surest path to success in commerce. To earn even the smallest amount of money, one must continue to work, even in the event that the work does not bear fruit.

Thus, being tied to a bed in this manner agitated and distressed him, despite the quite leisurely situation he found himself in.

Flop wondered how Medium would react if she knew she was being held captive in such a manner.

In any case–

Flop: [Can’t even ask Missus to restore me back to health completely. What an unpleasant situation.] 

In order to treat Flop's injuries, Rem was also held captive in the mansion.

For Subaru’s sake, as well as the others who cared for her Rem must return home safely at any cost, but her position was far from secure.

Rem’s current position was that of Flop’s healer, which would be left in quite an uncertain once Flop was to recover completely. 

He hoped that Rem would not immediately be disposed of as one no longer of any use.

???: [I guess one could say that depends on your thoughts and good humor, Miss Madelyn.]

Having collected and organized his thoughts, Flop proceeded to throw this particular subject of conversation towards the room’s entrance.

Flop was awakened by the presence of a certain someone. The other person’s voice could not be heard, but it was obvious that someone was in the room and there were only two people who usually visited him.

Only two, either Rem who came to treat him, or Madelyn who appeared more often.

Rem, who is given unexpected freedom in the mansion, is not the only one, but Flop has to be more or less tense when he is with Madelyn.

Despite her childish appearance, she had tremendous physical strength and could easily tear apart Flop with her claws. In addition, she was a proud dragoness, who Flop, despite being through many different paths in life had no idea of how to deal with, 

Besides, Flop didn't want to mislead Madelyn nor deceive her with lies, even though she might scold him for being blind to the situation.

Even Flop had not gone through life without telling a lie. He was proud of the fact that he had relied on the power of words more than anyone else in the empire precisely because of his apparent lack of strength.

Even so, the reason why he does not want to do anything that would make Madelyn think that he is trying to win her over, is because he genuinely cares about his "relatives," whom Flop knows very well.

He imagines a particular member of his family would be appalled at his seemingly stupid way of life.

Flop: [That's the way I live my life, nothing I can do about it.]

Flop spends his time at the mansion with the same defiant determination.

Therefore, on this day, too, he was expected to engage Madelyn in a battle that was free of lies, and that made full use of his ability to speak and talk so that her interest would not be exhausted.

But it was not to be. Since――

Flop: [Miss Madelyn? I thought you might be here to ask me to continue our conversation from yesterday. What was the surprising thing Balleroy said the first time the carillon flew in the sky? I cut off the conversation at the point where I said――]

???:"―― Interesting topic, but not one that should be discussed now.]

Flop:"――――]

Flop, who was lying on his bunk, talking to the person who would be there, was silenced when he was answered by a different tone of voice than the one he expected.

Flop had assumed it was Madelyn at the entrance, but the answer came back with the voice of a man. A voice he had heard before.

It was an honest boast, but Flop never forgot a voice, once having heard it.

Even if coming from the edge of a busy market, Flop could recognize it. There was no mistaking it.

However, Flop was left with mixed feelings having heard the voice in question.

After all, his relationship with the party had changed quite drastically, at least as far as Flop was concerned.

Flop: Mr. Chief…or Emperor-kun perhaps?

???: [Rephrased, is that it? Either way, I guess there's no substitute for a profane name to call me.]

Calling out quietly, Flop strained his trembling arms and raised himself up on the bunk. He still felt a faint numbness in his upper body and a tightness in his skin, but it was not unbearable.

Then he looked up and finally caught sight of a figure standing at the entrance to the room.

Standing there was a young man with black hair, fair skin, and sharp eyes.

His crimson attire and slender figure matched the one he had seen many times before. His face, his eyes, his nose, everything was familiar.

Abel ――no, Vincent Vollachia.

That was the name of the current emperor of the Sacred Vollachian Empire, the rebellious wolf who had been driven from his throne and was seeking to regain it.

Having been called disrespectful by the man himself, Flop smiles and bows his head.

Flop: [Excuse me, perhaps I should rephrase. No, perhaps I should also change my speech. I'm in trouble. Would you mind if I start over from the beginning?]

Vincent: [No need. No need. Starting over won't make up for the deeds you've done. More importantly, are you prepared to pledge allegiance and devotion to the emperor of Vollachia?]

Flop: [I wonder. He is the emperor of the country in which I live. Since the reign of His Excellency Vincent Vollachia, disputes, including skirmishes between tribes, have decreased dramatically. I'd say I'm grateful for a country that has become a better place to live.]

Vincent: [That's a very suggestive way of putting it. How dare you play with idle words in front of the Emperor?]

The emperor squared his slender shoulders and slowly stepped forward.

Flop's eyes widened as the figure became more clearly visible up close. For all intents and purposes, the figure was the very Abel he was already familiar with.

But he knew that the man in front of him was not Abel he knew.

Flop: [I'm very embarrassed by my lack of study but you really have made a good likeness of him, haven't you?]

Vincent: [If you continue to speak so frivolously, I will have no choice but to muzzle you. It is only the wish of Madelyn Eschart, "The Flying Dragon General," that keeps you here. But which way will the scales tip, the General's wishes or my whims?]

Flop: [I have been told to keep my mouth shut, and I will take that advice. However, I cannot promise that I will be able to put it into practice! My feelings are very mixed, after all! I'd very much like to comment more on your face!"

Vincent: [――――]

The other party was silenced by Flop, who points with his finger and insists loudly as he does so.

While Flop was at a loss as to the matter of how to address this other party - in this case, the one who was not Abel - he decided to call him Vincent for the sake of convenience.

Flop knew that Vincent was a false emperor, a man who was plotting to usurp the throne. However, Flop didn’t have any reason to denounce him per se.

If Flop and Abel were bound by a firm friendship and had built a relationship where they would be willing to speak out on each other’s behalf at every such event, that would be the case, but that was not the case.

Rather, Flop and Abel's relationship is rather complicated as well.

Flop: [Unfortunately, the person I really want to say something to is another him who has the same face as you. But still, it's a really good likeness… I used to help Husband-kun do Mr. Chief's makeup, and it looks just like his real face.]

Vincent: [――. I've heard about the city of the citadel, are you a part of this scheme too? I can only imagine that you have all tried to distort the reign of the emperor in some ungodly way. It is an outrage, an outrage beyond measure.]

Flop: [Is it? It was a fun endeavor. At least there were no casualties.]

Vincent: [It's all a matter of consequence, isn't it?]

Flop's cheeks relaxed, and he thought about the plan for the walled city that he, Subaru, and Abel had collaborated on.

It was a plan that Flop had found astonishing, but it was the funniest of all the plots Flop had ever been involved in.

Everyone involved in that operation would have wanted it to succeed.

Flop: [Miss Taritta, Miss Kuna, and I did, too. - that's why I can't unravel it.]

Vincent: [――――]

Flop: [Mister… Emperor-kun, what should I call you? I'm not sure how he was ousted from the Imperial throne and put in that position.]

Cutting him off, Flop looked at Vincent, "More to the point.]

He looks at the usurper of the throne, whose expression does not even waver, his face a mirror image of the emperor's.

Flop: [Why did you and your people have to shake our great empire to the core?]

Vincent: [――. You are quite a talkative man, aren't you?]

Flop: [It's a tool of the trade. I'm a merchant. Also, my sister often compliments me on my good looks. That's another tool of the trade.]

Vincent: [I see. In that case–]

Flop had a toothy grin on his face; Vincent nodded at his words, composed, before suddenly grabbing Flop’s face with his outstretched hand and pulling him closer.

Forced to lean forward, his wounds sore, Flop moaned out a "muggh". However, Vincent paid no heed to his cries of pain, but stared at Flop closely.

Vincent: [I can take your face and mouth right here and now to atone for your disrespect.]

His voice slid coldly into Flop’s eardrums and had an intimidating quality that went down from his head to his body and froze his heart.

For a person who wouldn’t shut his mouth like Flop, disrespect towards The Emperor was considered to be unforgivable, yet Vincent’s reply was level-headed with a hint of resentment.

Even as he contemplated what it meant――

Flop: [...If you mean that I should watch my mouth, it might make more sense to take away my voice.]

Once again, Flop looked back at Vincent with an ugly look on his face, which was still being gripped, giving an answer that was likely to provoke him and make him even angrier.

For a moment, Vincent's dark eyes narrowed at Flop’s answer, but the emotion that passed within was swept away without being expressed overtly.

Vincent batted one of his eyes shut, letting go of Flop’s face. His look was one that Abel, whom Vincent mimicked, used to do often when observing other people.

Vincent: [I made it clear that it was to be understood which of these is more important, my whims or Madelyn Eschart’s wishes; however, then there would be no avoiding her defection or rebellion. Is the attitude you have one of reading this far?]

Flop: [Huh? Oh, Ah, I see. Miss Madelyn would get angry for sure if I die. That's not good for you either… I hadn't thought that far ahead, but surely…]

Vincent: [――――]

Flop: [If I, as a prisoner, had risked my life to try and get one over on His Excellency the Emperor-kun, I could have at least encouraged Miss Madelyn's defection. ――Unfortunately, though, I can't do that now.]

At Vincent's suggestion, Flop reassessed the value of his life.
With Madelyn's interests now focused on himself, if Flop's life were to be taken away unnecessarily, it would be difficult to tame the bestial danger she would pose.

If Madelyn defected from Vincent, the rebellious Abel side would have an advantage.

It was understandable that Vincent would suspect that he was provoking him due to that.

Vincent: [I hear that you will not yield to any threats and that you will not hesitate to risk your life. It is just as Berstetz said, you seem to be some kind of ill-begotten misfortune.]

Flop: [It seems that I have unknowingly been put in such a position. Now, what do you think, Fake Emperor-kun? I'm very difficult to deal with!]

Vincent: [I hear there was a healer girl who was brought here with you. If you care about that girl’s well-being, you shall refrain from unnecessary words and behavior, and remain quiet.]

Flop: [I've been completely shut down!]

With Rem being used as a shield, Flop suddenly had no more moves to make.

But there was probably no helping it; he had to get Rem back home safely, no matter what it took.

Besides...

Flop: [I myself can’t decide what I should do.]

Ultimately, you could say Flop's position had become the same as Madelyn's.

Should he, like Madelyn, join the rebellion she was part of, and then plot viciously to eliminate Abel, whom they had ousted, and slowly make him pay for his crimes?

A merchant whose only merit was that his little sister complimented him on his goodness.

Vincent: [Even without Madelyn Eschart, Berstetz won’t do you any harm. Bear in mind what your position is and make sure you spend your time here without stirring up any discord.]

Vincent declared that with his eyes fixed on the silent Flop.

From what he said, Flop understood that he was trying to end this face-to-face meeting. That Vincent had determined there was nothing to be gained out of Flop, or that he had served the purpose of this discussion, and having thought as much――

Flop: [Fake Emperor-kun, why did you come to this room?]

Vincent: [――――]

Flop: [It's hard for me to imagine, having never rebelled, but still, trying my best to realize the power of my imagination here, I reckon the position of His Excellency the Emperor must be rather busy. Even though things are already tough, when there are people like His Excellency the Emperor-kun, who keep acting wildly without giving up, it’s no wonder your busyness knows no bounds.]

Flop was not saying that his usual peddling was easy, but when there were loads of products that fit exactly with the buyer's needs, one’s busyness was incomparable to the usual.

The position of the Fake Emperor would never be held secure while the real Emperor was still alive and well.

Under such circumstances, why had Vincent bothered to visit Flop specifically?

Well――.

Flop: [Perhaps you were wondering how His Excellency the Emperor-kun was doing and wanted to hear it from me?]

Vincent: [Hypothetically, if I were a usurper, as your nonsensical nickname implies, it would be in poor taste, wouldn't it? I would be attempting to find out what happened to the person I had ousted from the ones in that person’s vicinity.]

Flop: [The importance of gathering information is not so different in commerce or in battle I guess. If we assume that, I don't think it's in bad taste for me to try to find out what's going on with your opponent.]

Vincent: [――. Even if that were the case, you are misguided. I have seen with my own eyes how that person is doing without needing to hear it from your mouth. We even exchanged a few words.]

Flop: [Is that so…]

A bitter evasion after being hit on the mark.

Flop accepted Vincent's answer to mean that it was not such a frivolous statement.

What the circumstances were that he saw Abel in person and exchanged words with him, Flop had no room but to imagine, but he could not believe to be an outright lie.

Although he was also concerned about Medium, Taritta, and Subaru, who was supposed to be by Abel's side, it seemed unlikely that he would be able to get an answer by digging deeper into the matter.

At the very least, he could not have done anything about Abel when he met him face to face.

If he could have done that, he could have declared victory earlier that day. It's hard to imagine that it would have been in such bad taste to go to the trouble of doing that, but it would have been equally bad taste to continue this discussion while withholding that fact, and it didn't seem to be either.

In other words, Vincent was not here to talk to Flop.

If so, there is only one possibility that comes to mind.

Flop: [If he didn't want to ask me something, is it because he had something he wanted to tell me?]

Vincent: [Troublesome, I believe that was Berstetz’s evaluation of your position, from my point of view, your way of being is troublesome.]

Flop: [Am I to take that as a compliment? It's more positive for my mentality to think so, so I'll just leave it at that.]

With those words, Flop pondered; Vincent's feet stopped as he was about to walk away.

Vincent: [――――]

Frankly, Flop did not know whether stopping Vincent here was good or bad for him.

If Vincent's plan is fulfilled and the usurpation of the Imperial throne was complete, Abel would surely be forced out of his position not only by the Empire, but also by this world.

Is that what he wants?

Is it what he wants for the person who was involved in the death of Balleroy Temeglyph, his "family member", to lose his life, to have it all taken away from him?

Flop: [Until now, I never knew what I wanted…]

Trying to think if there ever was a time, Flop quickly reconsidered.

There was no need to remind him. Before he had met Balleroy and the others, he had spent all his time trying to protect Medium and had no desire for anything else.

He was the same as he was then. Then, in that case, the answer is the same as then, too.

Balleroy: [You guys can choose whatever you want.]

He remembered that blunt voice pushing Flop's back like that.

So, rather than being swept away without knowing anything, Flop would rather choose to walk away knowing something.

Flop: [Can I ask you something, Fake Emperor-kun? What is it that you have come to tell us?]

Flop asked him point-blank, interrupting the busy Fake Emperor in his usurpation of the Imperial throne.

To the question Vincent, in recognition of Flop, a slightly different impression of distortion filled the corner of his mouth, and he said.

That it was――.

Vincent: [――The "Great Disaster", about the reason for the destruction it brings.]
