*This is a Work in Progress, everything is subject to change*

An arrow pierced the head that had no eyes, ears, or nose, and the golem, made of stone, was thrown back.

However, the head without any human-like parts could not be a human-like vital point, so the advancing enemy’s footsteps were undeterred, whether it was pierced by an arrow or part of its head was missing.

???: [If crushing its head ain't enough… Holly!]

Holly: [Got it!!]

Shuffling, the stone golems rushed toward them with outstretched hands.

The sight of them, no bigger than human beings, coming at them with their inhuman movements evoked a sense of disgust. Fingers pulled against the resistance of the bowstring, the strong bow made a sound like a thunderclap.

Three arrows were released at the same time. They struck the stone golem's torso, not piercing it nor hitting a critical point but smashing it to pieces, stopping the golem's movement.

Even a stone golem would not move if the whole body fell apart.

However――,

???: [That's not something you can target every single time!]

Kuna looked up to reach the target rampart, the third bastion, which she was told was a hole in the enemy's formation, but when she managed to reach it, the number and nature of the enemy soldiers deployed made her feel hopeless.

The third bastion was guarded by Moguro Hagane, one of the "Nine Divine Generals".

Fortunately, Moguro himself is not visible on the wall. Is it because they have not reached Moguro yet, or is Moguro himself somewhere else?

One way or another――

Holly: [It's as if they're all in the tree's nectar! I can't knock them down very well!"

Kuna: [This is no time for your whining! Shoot, shoot, shoot, shoot! Shoot as many as you can!"

Holly: [Geez! Kuna is so strict!]

With a scream, Holly pulled an arrow from the quiver on Kuna's back and fired them one after another from her powerful bow. Two or three stone golems are destroyed with each shot, but that is not enough to keep up with the number of enemies.

――Because there are hundreds to thousands of stone golems, too many to count.

Kuna: [Tsk, what am we supposed to do…!]

Clicking her tongue and distancing herself from the enemy, Kuna curses Abel for giving her these orders.

Rumor has it that Moguro Hagane is a special kind of demi-human called a "Steelman," who is said to be made entirely of metal, unlike the Weaponkin, whose body is partially made of metal.

Then does that mean that all the countless stone golems in front of them are all part of this Steelman?

Holly: [They all look so lifeless! They really look like golems!]

Kuna: [I have the same opinion! What kind of a gimmick do these guys have?]

While maintaining a moderate distance, inspecting her surroundings with a sharp eye, she looked at the crowd of stone golems. Thanks to their lack of eyes, the stone golems do not seem to have any self-consciousness.

They simply surround those who approach them, beating and bludgeoning them to death with their solid limbs and monstrous strength. Those who are unable to escape, are overtaken, and exposed to the violence of sheer numbers and die tragically.

The rebels who challenged the third bastion and were trampled by the hordes of stone golems would have been literally trampled over their corpses, and their remains would not remain intact outside of the shape of their formation. And this is not an event that Kuna and the others can laugh at as if it were someone else's problem.

If we continue as they are, they will be trampled by an overwhelming number of enemies, unable to stand a chance against them.

Before that happens――

Kuna: [If things get really bad, we're going to have to retreat, but…]

Holly: [Hey, Kuna! Look at that!]

Kuna: [huh?]

Both of them were forced to kick the grass of the farmland that had now become a battlefield and shoot while running away. As Kuna turned around at the sound of Holly's voice, something surprising jumped into her field of vision.

A figure stood still on the battlefield, and then stone golems rushed in and slammed their stone arms down on them. It seemed as if the target would be knocked down by the blow and left to die in a puddle of blood――

???: [――Don't get in my way, you stone golems!]

It was Mizelda who howled, her ferocious beauty contorted into anger.

She swung her club in both hands and struck the head and upper body of the stone doll that had leapt at her, crushing it while shouting angrily.

――No, she was not the only one who chose to attack the stone golems rather than run away from them.

???: [Get out of my way, get out of my way, get the fuck out of my way! Shame upon all those who don't understand the authority of His Excellency the Emperor that are standing in my way!]

The slash is released with a guttural cry, and it brilliantly separates the stone golem's neck and torso, and further splits the flying head vertically in mid-air. If it is not enough, he slashes the torso diagonally, slashes off the arm from the shoulder, and when he sees that it has stopped moving, he kicks it down and moves on to the next one.

A rough-looking man with an eye patch similarly dove into the stone golems, as Mizelda did.

The relentless attack power of these two attackers in hand-to-hand combat thwarted the stone golem's ability to launch an attack.
 
But what truly stunned Kuna and Holly was not that either of them

Kuna and Holly: [――――]

A powerful sword roars, and the stone golems being reaped were blown away.

It was a rough and violent slash that could hardly be described as a brilliant one. However, it was the most appropriate swordsmanship to use against the stone golems that needed to be destroyed in order to stop them from moving.

Wielding a sword and burying the onrushing horde of stone golems was a red-haired swordsman ―― a man known only as the proud and haughty Priscilla's follower, Heinkel.

A man with unnatural grace joined the battle lines and cut down the voiceless stone golems one after another, and the scene was as unreal as a nightmare on a sleepless night.

Looking only at the events that are taking place, there are negative thoughts swirling around in Kuna and Holly, unsure if it is something that they should be happy to welcome.

Surely the reason for this was the appearance of Heinkel's face as he wielded his sword.

Holly: [He looks quite full of pain.]

After seeing the same thing, Kuna could not help but agree with Holly's mutterings.

It was not that she could not understand Holly's thoughts when she expressed that, but more bluntly, it looked more like a face that wanted to die in Kuna's eyes.

Sometimes, warriors would head to the battlefield in search of a place to die.

Even in Shudraq, there were times when those without much longer left to live would choose their final moments by taking a bow and challenging the big things hidden deep in the forest.

It was probably not a way of ending things that Kuna would choose, but she could understand such thoughts.

However, those of Heinkel's were different from those of a warrior seeking a place to die.

The sight of him seemingly wanting to die, despite fearing death and fiercely resisting it, only grew more painful to look at. Even though she knew his presence was incomparably supporting the frontlines, Kuna wanted him to collapse and die immediately.

He had been a man wielding a sword surrounded in melancholy to the extent that it made those around him think that.

???: [Kuna! Holly!]

With those words, the mood of the battlefield still continued to shift, ignoring that mental image Kuna and the others had.

The one who called their names and overtook them as if she was flying through the grassland was Taritta. Carrying her quiver on her back and having returned to the typical Shudraqian attire, she arrived in front of the two of them,

Taritta: [It's dangerous to stop. The path Sister and Jamal have created]

Kuna: [You don't have to tell me, Chief...I was just a little bit distracted.]

Taritta: [By Heinkel?]

Smiling broadly, Taritta perfectly guessed Kuna's embarrassed, murky feelings.

Taritta was Mizelda's younger sister, and succeeded her as Chief of the "People of Shudraq." Previously she was shy and indecisive, a girl that had stood out for being more cowardly than careful.

However, as a condition for taking over as chief, the experience of going along on the journey to the Demon City of Chaosflame seemed to have been significant, quieting that cowardice and leading her to acquire an elegant strength.

Her pointing things out now had also probably accompanied that.

Mizelda: [Chief, does it not feel creepy―?]

Taritta: [I think creepy is too direct, but...If it's true that he's desperate and is going to be a force to be reckoned with, then I have no objection to fighting with him.]

Kuna: [That’s a magnificent answer. …That’s fine with me too.]

Although a conclusion can’t be reached on some things, it’s not necessary to reach a final conclusion at the moment.

Originally, Taritta was good at changing her approach in hunting situations, if not in everyday life. Now, as the chief, she could successfully adjust to any situation.

As Kuna evaluated the situation, Taritta looked at the quiver on her back,

Taritta: [The number of arrows has decreased a lot. While we have the chance, let’s collect the fallen arrows. It’d be best not to use too many arrows on one person.]

Kuna: [In theory, yes, but…]

Holly: [I can't seem to kill them in one shot!]

Taritta: [There is a trick to dropping them in one shot. Aim for the heart. ――Like this]

Before the struggling duo, Taritta quickly fired three arrows from her bow. As three stone golems approached from Mizelda's back in the distance, arrows pierced the three bodies through their back, head, and thigh, killing them.

Kuna: [Wait, wait, wait! Why did they die in one shot!? Their heart?]

Holly: [They’re stone golems, so I don’t know where their hearts are…]

Taritta: [Is-Is that so? If you look closely, you can see where their important spots are, but...]

Taritta's brow lowered in annoyance as Kuna and Holly closed in.

Apparently, they really didn’t do much more than look closely. Taritta was indeed Mizelda's sister, although her personality was so opposite to hers that it was difficult to tell.

As one of the People of Shudraq, she is proud of the chieftain sisters' high degree of purity.

Kuna: [I’ll do it my way because that ain't helpful. I’ll pick up arrows, use a club or whatever if I don't have enough. Then kill the enemy.]

Holly: [I'm going to put an end to your stone golem games!]

Taritta: [I think that's the spirit. But, at some point, the real Nine Divine General is going to come out of the woodwork. …As was the case with Yorna, the Nine Divine Generals are anything but standard. Be very careful."

Holly: [You, should probably tell that to Mizelda.]

At Taritta's serious-faced opinion, Kuna shrugs her chin at Mizelda, who is rampaging on the front lines.

The former chief, who has a prosthetic leg, has given up her position to her sister and is now running rampant with her lightweight physique. At this rate, if any of the "Nine Divine Generals" were to appear from the enemy position, they would be the first to collide with them.

Even without one leg, Mizelda is capable of putting up a good fight against any serious challenger――,

Taritta: [Sister, please don't go out too far! You will die alone!]

Mizelda: [――――]

Taritta shouted, taking a single shot at the head of a stone golem blocking the way in front of Mizelda. At the sound of Taritta's voice, Mizelda responded with a big wave of her hand as if she understood what was happening.

Kuna was genuinely surprised and impressed by Taritta's judgment in her statement.

Truly, Taritta had stopped hiding behind her sister's back.

Taritta: [Although, I couldn't stand to see what happened to Mariuli, but…]

Holly: [Taritta is flourishing, we're happy for you.]

Taritta: [This is no time to say that! You two, please fight!]

Taritta spoke sharply, while Holly hit the stone dolls that surrounded them with her bow and Kuna bashed them with her short hatchet.

Kuna and Holly nodded to each other and obeyed without hesitation at the direction of their ever-reliable chief.

An old covenant, a promise made between the old Emperor of Vollachia and the People of Shudraq, a promise that is now far removed from the present-day, Kuna and the others could not be blamed for having forgotten.

This battle began to fulfill that, but it is now certainly a battle that Kuna and Holly, as People of Shudraq, must also win.

△▼△▼△▼△

Golems of stone charged directly towards him.

Without faces, they had neither hostile intent, nor intent to kill. Swinging his sword at those opponents, while cursing the puppeteer who had inconsiderately chosen those golems, Heinkel Astrea looked out onto the battlefield.

For what reason, was he swinging his sword in the vast lands of the Empire?

For what reason, was he still swinging his sword after exposing so much of his shame?

For what reason, on the lands where the person who must see him being useful was not present, was he there?

Heinkel: [――Hk.]

Slashing upwards from the elbows of those extended arms, the upper body of his opponent was blown away by the aftermath of the attack. 

The opponents were stone golems, and above not being able to dampen their fighting strength by merely cutting off their head or limbs, what was required more than a refined swordsmanship was to drive the opponent into a position where they could no longer do anything, an attack akin to that of a barbaric tribe.

Changing his grip on his sword, he spread his legs wide and decided on a stance.

He unleashed the sword he had readied by his waist, and it obliterated the stone golems in its path to an amusing extent. It was not amusing. There was nothing about this that was amusing. 

He had no such memories of the sword ever being enjoyable to swing.

For him, the sword had never been anything but a shackle that was heavier than it appeared.

Heinkel: [Fuck.]

While spewing curses, he landed a blow on the enemy that had entered his sword’s range.

Filling his head was nothing but the doubts of “For what reason”, and blowing away all those hindrances in the way of his vision, he swung his sword. He swung it. He swung, swung, swung, and swung it about――.

Heinkel: [Fucking hell]

Free your mind from all obstructive thoughts, such was as he had been instructed during his training with the sword.

Strengthen your concentration, become free from obstructive thoughts, hone your skills to become one with the sword. ――No matter how many times he was told this, he had no idea what the instruction was trying to say.

Heinkel: [Fucking hell.]

He was told not to think, but if he tried to put that into practice, he would end up thinking about “not thinking,” so there was no way his mind could become free from obstructions. 

Completely focusing on nothing but the sword, how could humans do such a thing?

If one lives, they get hungry. They also breathe. They probably feel itches in their body, and also get assailed by drowsiness. Their worries are endless, and their families are always present in the corners of their minds. Anxiety about tomorrow and anxiety about ten seconds later never cease, and the failures from ten seconds earlier, let alone the failures from yesterday, and failures from even before that were things they eternally worried about. Piling up, on and on, on and on, the thoughts were everlasting.  

How could one possibly become free from obstructive thoughts?

Completely cutting off the thoughts that are naturally born from human activity, such a thing was surely unthinkable for a human. In that case, was a swordsman who could free themselves of obstructive thoughts not truly human?

Was that why he was not truly a swordsman?

Heinkel: [Fucking hell goddammit!]

That limitless stream of profanity, no matter how much he let out, it could not disappear from his mind. 

As if to mow that all down in one go, Heinkel recklessly swung his sword, and proceeded to turn the stone golems blocking his way into a mountain of gravel. 

Just how much value was there in these actions?

Failing to do the things he had to do in the place he had to do them, and letting the person he wanted to win favor with clean up his mess, and in the end, he owed a debt to another person who helped him survive. 

Doing these kinds of actions over and over, just how much would he be recompensed, and for what?

???: [Sorry, but my amazin’ self ain’t got any idea about what yer dealin’ with]

In his head, mixed in with his own profanity, he heard the voice of another person.

Still young, the voice that he heard could even be called unripe, and it had been from he was drunk on the lookout platform. Even though he expressed that he did not want to speak with anyone and had secluded himself, it was the voice of the boy who had tactlessly barged in back then. 

???: [I ain’t got any idea about if ya failed, nor how badly ya messed up either. But ya know, if it’s an experience of failing, then my amazin’ self has also got that.]

After chasing him away once by saying careless things, the boy started to show up again and again.

Then, even though he himself also had a face which seemed to hold doubts, he tried to interject into Heinkel’s worries, and things had become like this. 

That was also terribly childish and cheap, the naive and idealistic ideas made him want to laugh scornfully. 

???: [There ain’t no one but yerself who can make a distinction of what ya’ve messed up. That’s why I’ve been tellin’ ya old man, if yer gonna do it――]

Heinkel: [Shut the fuck up, you damn shitty brat!!]

Encouragement or consolement, pity or sympathy, whatever it was, he did not care.

Everything directed towards him was troublesome, and there was absolutely nothing that he desired from them. There was not even a single thing he desired from other people. There was nothing he desired. There was just a person he wanted to offer this to. 

There was value in what he would receive from that person. So everything other than what he would receive from that person, were merely stone weights which he would drag as he walked.

Heinkel: [――Hk.]

The ominous stone golems silently creeped up, and before his eyes, he slashed them with his sword, vertically splitting two of them into two halves each. As if to take advantage of his large swing, another came flying in from the side, so he smashed its face area with the tip of the scabbard, and followed by drawing the beloved sword “Astrea” back, and skewering it for the kill. 

Opponents without faces, only using moves they have been taught; if it was that kind of match, then he could cut them down no matter how many there were. 

As long as he kept breathing, then he could take on ten or twenty with no problem. However, just what significance did that have?

Scoring these kinds of points without even showing it to the person he must show it to, just what――,

???: [――Old man, if yer gonna do it, ya gotta restore it through yer own sword.]

Heinkel: [Fucking shithead…hk]

It was laughable that he was still clinging to a fading light which may or may not even be there. 

On that note, he again collided with the notion of why he was even still living. 

Just what did he want to prove through this sword? What did he want to gain? What was it that he desired? 

Heinkel: [――――]

When it comes to the quantity of main threats, everyone in the surroundings would successively launch an attack on that.

Charing in was Heinkel, the woman from the tribe of hunters wielding a club, and also the eyepatched twin sword user who employed elegant sword skills unbefitting of his face. However, with the orders of the hunter tribe’s chieftain, who mainly used a bow, the warfront was resolutely upheaved, and the other rebels who had once stepped aside had each regained their spirit. 

A hole in the enemy’s line of defense, pointing that out had been worthwhile. 

Compared to the other four bastions, it was evident that just this bastion had a weak defense. The fact that Heinkel could cut his way through was proof of that. 

One person, indeed, if there were even one person who was truly strong, then it would be impossible for Heinkel to lead the charge like this.

???: [Follow after that back――!]

???: [Don’t let the red-haired man get all the achievements! We’ll also push forward!]

???: [That swordsmanship isn’t too bad~. If he shaved his beard, his face would become more visually appealing~.]

Lagging behind Heinkel, who led the charge, the many people raising their voices was impossible. 

He did not have the time to captivate them as a phony.

Heinkel: [Fucking hell… bring it on, bring it the fuck on! With just this, I won’t even be able to…]

Score points, trying to accept the situation before his eyes more severely, more pragmatically, Heinkel lifted his head. 

The stone golems standing directly opposite him, their formation was blown away from a sidewards sword slash, and trying to look at the imminent ramparts, he funneled power into his knees as he leaped towards them. 

Immediately taking hold of the ramparts, if he eradicated the enemies atop the wall, then the capture of the third bastion―― to be clear, it was not that he would slay an enemy general, so would it really be a contribution?

So then, to compensate for his failure in that fortress city, would Heinkel be the one to connect the spider threads of what Priscilla wished for?

At the very least, even if it is only a little――,

???: [――You, killed me, most.]

Heinkel: [――――]

Indeed, the moment he recklessly took hold of the ramparts, a voice struck Heinkel.

His lungs felt paralyzed, and a hoarse breath leaked out of his throat. It was not that he had suffered an attack, nor had he avoided an attack, it was just that he heard a voice.

With that alone, Heinkel’s entire body trembled with fear. 

The various thoughts from just before flashed through his head, about being free from obstructive thoughts, about his own desires, about recovering for his failures, they were all painted over with white, and vanished from sight. 

What he did understand was what he had happened across. ――A threat to which he could not do a single thing about.

That was――,

???: [Killed, me, most. Therefore, I also, kill, you.]

An emotionless voice resounded, and before Heinkel’s eyes, the tall and thick wall began to change.

It was not the stone golems lined up atop the wall.

It was not the stone golems deployed to try and protect the ramparts either.

The bastion on the ramparts of the star-fortress, on the thick wall which they called the third bastion, a change arose.

Heinkel: [――ah]

In the vision of Heinkel, who leaked out breaths, countless “lights” were born upon the ramparts which stretched both to his left and right. ――No, whether those could be called “lights” was a matter of divided opinion.

The “lights” born upon the ramparts, they were fist-sized orbs which glowed a bright green, and at a glance they seemed like harmless things from which no danger could be felt. 

However, those had not originally been on the ramparts.

On the wall where there had been nothing, the countless “lights” from orbs had suddenly sprung up. To Heinkel, they appeared to be just like the eyes of a living thing. It seemed that all at once, he locked eyes with those “lights.” 

He became frightened when all at once, those “lights” seemed to glare at him. 

Heinkel: [Eek…]

That moment, Heinkel’s entire body froze, and his grip on the sword loosened――,

???: [Disappear]

That instant, in contrast to that monotone voice, making an unbelievable thunderous roar and clad in a strong wind, a gigantic stone fist seized the leaping Heinkel, and threw him away. 

Heinkel: [Kah…]

Thoroughly beaten from head to toe, Heinkel was blown away to the sky with nothing he could do. 

Similar to how he was handling the opponents of stone golems until a moment ago, the expression of being kicked around would be fitting. Heinkel was spraying blood everywhere as he soared, and then he saw it.

Within his revolving vision, the circumstances of the surface had completely changed. That was not the result of the blown away Heinkel’s consciousness being hazy, there was a definite change that was hard to look away from――,

Moguro: [――Eighth of the Nine Divine Generals, Moguro Hagane.]

It was the etiquette of a warrior on a battlefield, a grand estimation in its own introduction―― however, that scale was far too abnormal. 

Heinkel: [――――]

The ramparts of the star-fortress which they should have captured, the third bastion itself moved. 

That was unmistakably one of the Nine Divine Generals, the mighty being which introduced itself as Moguro Hagane. 
