*This is a Work in Progress, everything is subject to change*

――Izmail, the "Giant Eye," was the hero of the Cyclops tribe and a source of hope for his clan.

In the center of his brave face, a large, perfectly-clear blue eye was unhesitantly focused on the future.

As the name suggested, the Cyclops tribe was a race that had only a single eye. If one took into account the fact that most races were born with a pair of eyes, a single eye could almost never maintain a superiority in survival.

Then, was the Cyclops Tribe a pitiful race with an inferior ability to live?

――Decidedly, one could completely deny that.

For the Cyclops Tribe, which had only one eye, in exchange for the weakness of greatly losing their ability to survive just by having one eye smashed, that single eyeball possessed many peculiarities.

With eyesight that could see much further than other races as the foundation, while there were individual differences, many could see concentrations of mana, heat-sources, and abnormally superior dynamic visual acuity.

The "Evil Eye Tribe" was another race with an eye that possessed peculiarities, but unlike them, who are often born with weak bodies in exchange for their unique abilities, the Cyclops Tribe was also strong physically.

In a sense, the "Eye" was superior to all other abilities in battle.

Needless to say, in everyday life, the amount of information obtained from what one can see accounts for the majority of perception, and that becomes even more obvious on the battlefield, where it was more directly tied to survival.

Therefore, Cyclops Tribe could be called a superior species, a well-stocked breeding ground for producing excellent warriors.

Let's bring the discussion back and talk about Izmail the "Giant Eye."

Having turned twenty-one, Izmail was a fighter who wielded an enormous battle axe with his well-trained body. As mentioned before, a single blue eye twinkled in the center of his face, and had become something that members of the Cyclops Tribe trembled at due to its elegance, and members of other tribes trembled at due to its intimidating air.

The size of the eye, the beauty of its shape, as well as the eye's color and brightness, were often the main points of contention for the Cyclops Tribe's sense of beauty, but Izmail's eye was first class by any metric.

With a beautiful big blue eye, he was expected to follow a different path from the ordinary as soon as he was born, and was nicknamed "Giant Eye" from a young age. He became a boy, a young man, and a warrior aligned with his clan's expectations.

"Giant Eye," who wielded a battle axe taller than himself, and heroically mowed down the battlefield――If he was in an era where war raged in the Vollachian Empire, that name would be famous not only in his clan, but throughout the country.

However, those days had not waited for him to grow up, and he complacently plunged into stagnation and relaxation.

Many cursed that bad luck of Izmail's. But fate had not abandoned him.

The torch of the rebellion that had begun in the East eventually spread throughout Vollachia, and invited Izmail, deprived of the opportunity to fight, to the battlefield.

Izmail: [If only I had a chance to fight――]

With that battle axe, he would achieve results in battle that no one could imitate.

This was the Izmail’s pride, and the promised future that everyone in the clan believed in without question. In the Empire, at the peak of military prowess were those known as the "Nine Divine Generals," but if the same chance that those people had been blessed with had come again, he would astonish all of them.

Therefore, when Izmail the "Giant Eye" shouted that the Emperor must be defeated, not a single member of his tribe dissented, and they also had actively helped search for the black-haired child.

Just as the signs of rebellion had spread throughout the Empire, so did the presence of "black-haired Crown Princes"――it was not whether he actually existed or not that was important, but that one had secured that bill which asserted legitimacy.

Simply put, having a black-haired boy was the qualification to join the great uprising that had begun in the Vollachian Empire, and those who failed to see the opportunity undermined the righteous cause they were joining at that point.

Those who quietly observed these circumstances, standing by and watching the competition for supremacy from outside, went against the ways of the Empire.

――The people of the Empire must be strong.

To this day, it was a teaching that had been spread throughout the Empire, even to the people that were unconnected to its capital. Those who could not understand that principle were not qualified to participate in this great uprising, nor were they qualified to live in the Empire afterward.

When Izmail fulfilled his ambitions, he would uproot all of them and create a powerful nation.

To that end――,

Izmail: [――I am the one who will rule this Vollachian Empire!]

After pressing his toes against the base of the giant stone wall, Izmail's body rose to the sky.

A wall that had probably been considered insurmountable for the people outside, with the people inside absolutely not allowing any hostility to pass through it, was being easily traversed, with his feet stepping into it.

Seeing Izmail, who had landed atop the rampart, the soldiers there who had drawn their bows were confused and panicked as they tried to draw the swords at their waists, but they were too slow.

Izmail: [What unsightliness for soldiers of the Empire!]

Gripping the handle of the battle axe he carried on his back, the muscles in his right arm swelled, and there was a flash.

The huge blade that was released swept through the air without a sound, and the upper bodies of the five soldiers in its path were obliterated simultaneously. Having lost everything above the waist, their lower bodies slowly collapsed, a great amount of blood flooded out, and the surrounding soldiers screamed.

His eardrums grasped that it was filled with intense caution and only a little fear,

Izmail: [Boorish.]

The warriors that harbored vigilance and tension were not so bad, but the ones driven by cowardice were exceedingly disappointing. Izmail blinked that blue eye once, and changed the world he could see.

At that moment, bright colors were lost from the vividly-colorful world, and his field of view was filled with dark colors. ――No, not just dark colors. Red, yellow, and blue lights emerged from the darkness. That was the unique trait of Izmail's eye, perceiving the emotions of living things as colors.

With the power of his eye, Izmail could catch a glimpse of whether or not the enemy had the will to fight, what kinds of skills they had mastered, and their history as a warrior.

With that field of view that omitted color, Izmail chose his enemies.

Namely――,

Izmail: [Eradicate the cowards!]

With a powerful step forward, the battle axe swung towards the ones that held the blue light, the mediocre ones whose hearts had already left the battlefield and tried to prioritize self-preservation.

Mow through the backs that were turned, cut off the legs that tried to flee, crush the faces that tried to beg for their lives, and spread death and blood on the wall.

And thus he rampaged, one after the other, and his disappointment grew stronger as he watched the blue lights multiply in the world.

Izmail: [What is this? This should be the Imperial Capital, within the reach of His Excellency the Emperor!]

Pointing his battle axe across the wall, Izmail shouted his fury from the top of the wall.

In the distance, at the center of the Vollachian Empire, the symbol of a powerful nation that no one had ever been able to defeat, the Crystal Palace, considered the most beautiful castle in the world, could be seen, and Izmail could reach it in less than a few minutes.

 He would rush into the Crystal Palace, defeat the soldiers arrayed there, and take the head of the emperor sitting on the throne.

That's what Izmail wanted. However, that was――,

Izmail: [It's not a cheap honor that you can get by oppressing such weaklings!]

Feeling betrayed by what he believed in, Izmail's angry voice sounded like a wail.

Even so, the battle axe that was forged through tireless training accurately aimed at the enemy's life, and with each step, life was lost, and disappointment grew in "Giant Eye."

Following Izmail as he did so, warriors of the same Cyclops Tribe reached the top of the wall one after another. They, too, used their weapons to drive away fleeing soldiers, knocking them down and taking their lives.

He wanted to be proud of that. He wanted to show that the Cyclops Tribe was here.

Izmail: [But that's not going to happen for you guys…]

???: [Wa, wait! St, stop…!]

In front of the grief-stricken eyes of Izmail, the man being chased collapsed.

The man ran away from the warriors and fell in front of the most unwelcome person, seeing Izmail with a sneer on his face, and yelped, “Yikes!” in a quivering voice.

Putting up his hands, he leaned back on his butt and shook his head reluctantly at Izmail.

Soldier: [Don’t kill me! I don’t wanna die, I don’t wanna die!]

Izmail: [――. Stop it. Don’t live in such dishonor any longer.]

Soldier: [Ah, aaaaah!]

Izmail: [That’s enough.]

Izmail's face contorted at the soldier's attitude, which was so miserable and pathetic. When it was too disgusting to hear anymore, he raised the battle-axe in his hand high.

With a gleam, the blood-soaked blade shined dully, and the soldier's eyes were stained with despair,

Izmail: [If you're a warrior, at least I’ll give you a fitting end――]

Soldier: [No, you’re wrong! I’m not a warrior! I’m not a soldier!]

Izmail: [What?]

As he swung his battle axe down,  his arm stopped just before he was about to split the life out of his opponent along with his skull. With a snap, the axe stopped near the skin on his head, and the man exhaled a "hoo" as he slackened.

But he did not spare his life on a whim. One word right before had stopped it.

Izmail: [What do you mean by "not a soldier"? You’re currently equipped as a soldier.]

Soldier: [They made me wear it! Put this on, take your bow and fight! If you do that…]

Izmail: [If you do that?]

Soldier: [I’d be pardoned! They’d release me, letting me out of jail…]

Izmail: [――――]

He peeked at the desperate man's face. There was no lie to be found in his blue, cold complexion.

A reasonable amount of shakiness would be created in the face of someone who is lying and trying to conspire against you. Izmail's eyes, which did not overlook the subtleties of this case, did not find any deception.

Izmail: [Impossible]

Taking in what he saw now, Izmail’s gaze traveled over the wall.

Imperial soldiers on the wall were in total disarray, pursued by the Cyclops Tribe who had climbed the wall――all of them had a cowardice that made them want to cover their eyes, but no matter what they did, they were too timid.

On the way to attack the Imperial Capital, the soldiers of the garrison with spears still put up a better fight. Izmail was disappointed that the regular soldiers in charge of the defense of the Imperial City were in such a state.

Were they not regular soldiers, but criminals who had been given equipment?

If so, for what purpose did they do that――.

Izmail: [――――]

After thinking about it, Izmail suddenly realized the answer.

If I am correct, the only people on the wall now are the warriors of the Cyclops Tribe centered on myself and the criminals who we are fighting against.

In short――,

???: [――Burn altogether.]

Suddenly, a quiet voice struck Izmail's eardrums amidst a sky filled with angry shouts and screams.

The volume of the voice, which should not have been audible, and the fact that it was heard, alerted his whole body. A rare phenomenon on the battlefield, the kind of thing where power resided in even the voice of a powerful being.

A somewhat goofy, even lacking in seriousness, a voice reached the ears of “Giant Eye.”

Izmail: [――――]

Opening his large single eye, Izmail looked up at the sky of the Imperial Capital.

Inside the ramparts of the city, protected by solid walls where the buildings were lined up in an orderly manner, there was a brown-skinned woman floating in the sky with her legs on fire.

A woman with one eye covered by an eyepatch and her other blood-red eye turned towards him――.

Izmail: [Ah, aah, aaaaah!!]

The moment he saw her, Izmail let out a roar and flew, kicking off the ramparts.

Swinging his large battle axe, he furiously attacked the woman in the sky. It was a mighty blow that, even if it didn’t hit a vital point but only grazed a part of the body, would send a painful blow throughout her entire body.

The cells in his body were screaming that he had to fire a shot with all his might, a shot that was an order of magnitude different from the one he had fired at his cowardly opponent on the wall, and that he could not win without firing it.

It was not aimed well, and he was drawn toward the thin body of the woman floating in the sky――,

???: [Disappear]

Following the woman's single voice, a light filled his vision with white that covered Izmail's world.

△▼△▼△▼△

???: [Ca, ug, h…]

Coughing and suffering from a burning sensation all over their body, they sat up.

Their throat burned, and when they reached for their throats quickly, their ragged, charred skin and fingers began falling off. Witnessing the damage, they realized that it was a miracle that they managed to survive.

――]No, it is not a miracle.

In a moment of desperation, they used their battle axe as a shield to protect themselves from the onrushing flames. Even that was only possible because of the scorching heat that seemed to coat everything in its path.

But Izmail understood that he was probably the only one who barely managed to survive.

Izmail: [――――]

Opening his trembling eyelids, he looked up to see the city walls of the imperial capital glowing red hot, burning to the ground, the warriors of the Cyclops Tribe who were fighting for control of the city, and all the remaining mobilized criminals.

Most must have been engulfed by the flames without knowing what had happened. At least some of those that did understand and were able to react would not have suffered for long.

Suffering and still being the only one left alive, this death is a cruel one.

And above all, it is cruel.

???: [――What, there are survivors out there? Lucky …or not? Bad one? It’s a bad guy.]

Amidst the smell of burning grass, trees, and human flesh, a man appeared there, stepping on the ground, which was covered with ash and soot.

The man that carried the axe on his shoulder tilted his head and looked down at Izmail in the burnt-out field. Looking into his terrible, cold, thirsty eyes, Izmail knew.

This man was the one who carried out the brutal strategy of placing criminals on the city walls and burning Izmail and his men who were fighting them.

Izmail: [Y, you, everyone is…]

???: [――? Don't be stupid, I didn't burn them. I couldn't have done such a crazy thing. It was done by a monster who could do it. If you're going to hold a grudge, hold it against them.]

Izmail gasped at the sound of the man's voice, neither mocking nor playful, but sincere. Then he quickly switched his single eye to focus on the man, trying to see him clearly.

But then Izmail is astonished. ――They are blue.

A strong will to fight will be red, tensions will be yellow if the person has a high degree of stress, and blue if the person is fearful, frightened, or otherwise reluctant to fight.

They are blue despite the fact that they have managed to trap and round up Izmail and his men.

This man is not even a warrior. Nor is he a coward. He is something more, something horrifying.

Izmail: [Can’t let you live――!]

Yes, Izmail jumps up in response to the world, as seen by his single eye and the appeal of his instincts.

The flames burned his internal organs, and his left arm was completely disintegrated at the shoulder. Due to the wounds, he has sustained all over his body, his movements were slow compared to when he was in his best condition. However, even the melted and misshapen battle axe lying beside him is enough to strike his opponent dead.

With all his might, he swung his battle axe straight at the man, hearing the creaking of his burnt arm and the cracking of his flesh.

???: [I agree that we can't keep you alive. Also, I've been thinking about this for a while.]

Izmail: [――Hk!]

???: [How can a guy with only one eye be strong?]

In front of the charging Izmail, a man throws a small package from his waist. The package opens in mid-air and scatters the black powder inside.

There was no way to avoid the black powder, a kind of powder used to distract people. The right arm that grabbed his battle axe could not shake it off, not to mention the left arm that was missing, and as a result, a black powder covered his vision.

"Gu," he grunts, interrupting his battle axe attack and sending him jumping backward.

Although those of the Cyclops Tribe possess excellent eyesight, his weakness was exploited nicely. However, they should not be underestimated. Targeting the eyes of the Cyclops is a common practice, so there were countermeasures.

The large eyes of the Cyclops Tribe secrete a large quantity of tears in an instant, laced with ――.

Izmail: [――oh.]

Izmail stimulated his tear glands to secrete tears, but he did not open his eye again.

The next moment, a magic stone cannon shell hit Izmail, who had closed his eye, and blasted away "Giant Eye" altogether.

△▼△▼△▼△

Todd let out a sigh when, before his eyes, the Cyclops Tribe was blown to bits by a cannon shell.

He had gotten through it without much trouble since they had been perfectly caught in a trap, but naturally, they had been such masters that he did not know if he had had a chance of winning had he fought them fairly.

Todd: [You have to have insurance.]

While looking at the corpses of the Cyclops Tribe that had been blown away and the traces of the cannonballs that had caved in the surroundings, Todd raised his clenched fist to the sky, communicating to the gunners on the wall that there was no need for pursuit.

Make the enemy's vanguard ascend the ramparts, and keep them there with opponents whose deaths you do not care about. Then, the simple strategy of using massive firepower to render every adversary well done.

However, the effect was instantaneous.

Todd: [Most of the time, the best spears are used by the most confident ones.]

When it comes to battles like this that involved a great number of people, those who volunteered for the role of the vanguard were impatient in their desire for glory or thoroughly understood the importance of a preemptive attack in war.

No matter who the opponent was, if their thrusts got through, afterward, things will be troublesome. In a double sense, it was necessary to stop the vanguard.

Todd: [Well, we've crushed the opponent's initial charge, but what will they do next?]

Even if they had defeated the most energetic Cyclops Tribe, there was no shortage of those who would dare to try to kill His Excellency the Emperor. It was an exhibition of the belligerent tribes that had assembled from all over the Empire.

In addition to the Cyclops Tribe, he was preparing for a mountain's worth of people with differences in the number of limbs and eyes, in the size of body parts, in the color of skin and blood, and in languages, such that it was troublesome to even think about how to deal with them.

However――,

Todd: [No matter how strange the tribes that have gathered, I don't think they're going to have a considerable impact. At any rate...]

As Todd muttered that, Arakiya flew overhead, her whole body encircled by swirling wind.

He intended to attack the groups that should have joined in and attacked with that charge from the Cyclops Tribe, but had missed the chance. Additionally, at the vertices of the star-shaped wall that surrounded the city, attacks had begun on those responsible for safeguarding the four points other than the one Todd's group was in charge of.

――Purple thorns rampaged, mowing down the great army of half-man, half-horse Centaur People that tried to advance.

――The exceedingly huge Flying Winged Blade cut through the sky, and the Weaponkin, who used one part of their body as a weapon, were chewed to bits.

――The fist of a doll made out of pebbles and growing out of the ground knocked down the pitiful Winged People that grew flightless wings.

――A group of deviants that had mastered the art of slaughter exterminated the Glow People, who had a glittering stone embedded in their foreheads.

Todd: [If the circumstances involve monsters, we're a good match.]

――Become one with nature, and just like breathing, reduce the Cyclops Tribe to ashes with bright red flames.

Five monsters, equally capable, stood at the vertices of the wall that protected the Imperial Capital of Lupugana. With five monsters at five vertices, did the rebels who had only spirit and ambition have a way to surpass this?

Todd: [In any case, if it was me, even if I was asked, I would absolutely refuse. Nevertheless...]

There was a plan to keep them from approaching the walls, a plan for how to kill those that did, a plan for those they failed to kill, and a plan to escape.

It would be best if they did not end up all the way to that last plan, but the circumstances in a battle were hard to predict.

In the first place, the fact that the rebels arrived at the Imperial Capital like this and that this battle had even begun exceeded what Todd had imagined before the war got into full swing.

Todd: [Because of that, even though I've returned to the Imperial Capital, I haven't been able to meet with Katya...Just how long must you get in the way of my meeting with Katya before you are satisfied.]

He could not say whether he was complaining about someone or to someone, and if he had to choose, then it would be against the world, and while he did, he looked up at the sky thick with the scent of death and kicked the ground of the burnt field.

Many more, many more, many, many more people would die.

Just how many more people would have to die for someone to lay down their arms conclusively?

Todd: [That's enough, you goddamn bloodthirsty deviants.]

△▼△▼△▼△

???: [――It's too bad, but you guys are out of your depth! You shall never go past this point!!]

He spread both arms and wriggled his whole body in an imposing stance atop the rampart.

Immediately after, the inside of General Second-Class Kafma Irulux's body pulsated, and purple thorns were released from those arms with appalling force, leaping at the group of Centaur People with human upper halves and horse-like lower halves fiercely galloping across the farmland, mowed through the ground at their feet, pierced their torsos, and submerged them into the earth.

The brave men that slipped through that thorn attack and came even closer to the rampart brandished their spears and threw them.

A horse's leg strength and momentum were transmitted to their upper bodies, and the hurled javelins' power was no less than that of a Magic Stone Cannon. Unlike Magic Stone Cannons, which took a huge amount of money to get in sufficient numbers, as long as the Centaur People had their spears and some run-up distance, their javelins would exhibit more than enough destructive power,

It was the defensive wall safeguarding the Imperial Capital. Inscribed with the Divine Protection of the Earth, it would not collapse under ordinary attacks, but if it was struck by hundreds of spears of that power, some damage could get through.

However――

Kafma: [It's your bad luck that you chose the vertex I am protecting.]

Declaring as much, Kafma spread wide both his arms that had released thorns. Matching that movement, thorns mowed sideways across the battlefield, and the Centaur people's warriors that had tumbled were dealt a finishing blow.

However, the javelins and the brave men who threw them evaded the thorns' pursuit.

Therefore, Kafma roused not thorns, but a different "insect" that had entered him.

Kafma: [――hk]

There was a sound of bones creaking with pain, and Kafma's chest wearing light armor, burst open from inside. The white ribs that had opened outwards from inside his body pointed their sharp tips downwards while trembling.

The row of galloping brave men of the Centaur People aimed between the ribs of Kafma's open chest, and were on guard for what was about to happen.

However, even though they were on guard, it was hopeless.

――Immediately, Kafma's entire body bounced violently, and the recoil made his tall figure slide back. His heels that had been firmly dug in, pared through the rampart, and he looked forward as he endured the bursting pain.

Under that gaze, the line of fire that Kafma's ribs had aimed down was completely gouged out, and the Centaur People who should have been on their way were swallowed all at once and annihilated.

Like the thorns, it was a new "insect" suitable for taking on a large number of enemies at once ――He had been nervous that if things went wrong, it would once again pupate in a scenario where it was needed.

Kafma: [...But, I did it in time. As long as I am here, the protection of the Imperial City will not be pierced.]

Firmly, he stroked down his torso that had defeated the Centaur People, and his ribs closed back inside his open chest.

The new "insect" was powerful, but the backlash was just as great. It was a double-edged sword that completely took away the strength of his mind and body, and it should not be fired continuously.

However, it was worth attempting even if he had to reach out to a peril like that.

Kafma: [The rebels that thoughtlessly trample on the peace His Excellency's skill brought about.]

As a "General," he had seen the reign of Emperor Vincent Vollachia up close.

As a man of the rare and only shunned Insect Cage Tribe, he had lived in the world created by Emperor Vincent Vollachia.

As a person, Kafma Irulux, had seen with his own eyes the magnitude of Emperor Vincent Vollachia's great accomplishments.

Why should a blade be turned to Vincent Vollachia?

How could anyone else rival the supremacy of a man who attempted to change the state of things in the Empire, and who was, in fact, continuing to change it?

Therefore――,

Kafma: [I cannot afford to let the likes of you go before His Excellency the Emperor.]

???: [――Well, ain't that a big resolution? I don't hate it.]

Evading both the thorns and the white bombardment, a figure kicked off the farmland and leapt up to the rampart. While looking down at his short opponent, Kafma narrowed his slitted eyes.

He was a newcomer, and had enough skill to reach the spot the brave men of the Centaur People had not. ――Simply put, he was a formidable opponent.

From the start, he had not been good at cutting corners. He was also bad at going easy or playing around.

However, Kafma had determined that this was an opponent with whom he would not have an ounce of leeway.

Kafma: [General Second-Class of the Vollachian Empire, Kafma Irulux.]

After Kafma thus gave his name, tearing through his back and the cloak he had worn from the inside, six transparent wings appeared. Seeing that readiness for battle ――No, rather than readiness for battle, he accepted that introduction.

It was proper for a warrior to give their name when taking on another warrior. Of course, on the battlefield, there were more than a few who did not follow that way of doing things――,

Garfiel: [――Garfiel]

Kafma: [――――]

Garfiel: [My amazin' self's the "Gorgeous Tiger" Garfiel Tinzel. ――In truth, my amazin' self was told not to give my name, but there are times when there's no choice.]

Thus the man with a ferocious smile on his face――Garfiel brought the beautiful shield gauntlets on both his arms together in front of his chest, making a pleasant sound.

Entrusted with guarding the walls of the Imperial Capital, Kafma had been prepared to endure to the end, no matter how many days it took.

――On the first day of the war, the decisive battle had arrived, and the man who was the Empire's strongest General, Second-Class, had not misjudged it.
