*This is a Work in Progress, everything is subject to change*

TL note: This chapter uses 将兵 a lot and means “generals and soldiers” this will be more accurately reflected in the full release.

――As the flames of rebellion spread throughout the Vollachian Empire, signs of unrest were growing day by day.

More than 9 years had passed since Vincent Vollachia ascended to the throne as the Emperor, but this was the first time domestic affairs had smelled so burnt, and people's hearts were greatly disturbed.

The history of the Vollachian Empire was a history of war.

Even if a historically unprecedented era of peace had arrived, conflicts occurring in places beyond the reach of the eyes and ears of the Imperial Capital could not be completely prevented. As a result, it was not the case that all the people had cast aside their concerns.

But even so, the people living in the Imperial Capital of Lupugana had peace of sorts.

As the Imperial Capital was within the Emperor's reach, it was only in that magnificent city that conflicts did not occur. In such a way, there was relief in the authority of Emperor Vincent Vollachia――However, that was a thing of the past.

The year before last, an attempt to assassinate the Emperor had occurred in none other than the Imperial Capital. The Emperor was wounded, nearly losing his life, and the perpetrators had been the "Nine Divine Generals."

Since that incident, the people learned that no real relief would come to the Empire. After they learned it, they also expected it.

The Emperor's nature, unshaken by the spirit of rebellion of the Nine Divine Generals at the peak of the Empire's military might, would not collapse no matter how much the Vollachian Empire shook――.

???: [――The relief and expectations of the people have been greatly shaken of late.]

A report that cracks could be seen in the basic premise laid out in the Empire.

What resounded in that magnificent throne room was a report that could quite possibly result in being mercilessly beheaded if the person listening shrugged off all those unpleasant-to-hear words, so it was not strange that people were hesitating.

The civil officials and military officers, lined up here in the Imperial Capital's Crystal Palace――even if their battlefields differed, without a doubt, the people gathered at the core of the Vollachian Empire were all soldiers. Even those people could not help but hesitate, because to be seen here as a cowardly soldier was directly linked to nothing but death.

It was not that any of them feared death. What they feared was dying in vain.

They feared they would meet a death unbefitting of a brave warrior of Vollachia.

Therefore, the generals paid respect to the white-haired wise old man who proposed it, Prime Minister Berstetz Fondalfon. And then, they awaited the response of Vincent, to whom the Prime Minister's report had been addressed.

Vincent: [――――]

The large throne, enveloping the entirety of his slender body, had been continually passed down as a symbol of authority since the era of the first Emperor of Vollachia.

With the national flag flying behind the throne, the national crest of a wolf pierced by a sword looked down upon the officers and soldiers. With the Sword Wolf behind him, Vincent calmly remained still.

Leisurely leaning back against the throne, Vincent showed no sign of military might.

In fact, no one had ever heard a rumor that this Emperor, endowed with unfathomable wisdom, excelled at martial arts. Likely no one had seen him wield a sword or enjoy hunting.

On the Imperial throne, an Emperor was expected to extensively rule the entirety of the Empire.

Even in the Empire where true strength was valued, not even skill at martial arts was required of the Emperor at its summit. That was because the Emperor's sword was none other than the peerlessly powerful people accompanying him.

However――

???: [――hk]

The Emperor pressured the many officers and soldiers, who did nothing but sit there silently.

Were they to cut him down, there was no reason for them to lose, and they would not need more than a few seconds to close the distance to the throne. If generally, it was natural for the strong to oppress the weak, then the officers and soldiers did not have the slightest reason to fear this Emperor.

Nevertheless, the distance and the unopposable presence of the Emperor were impregnable.

Vincent: [The relief of the people, is it?]

Suddenly, breaking the silence till then, the Emperor's lips uttered words.

Just as it seemed tension pervading the throne room would relax, it grew heavier rather than tenser, constricting the hearts of the officers and soldiers.

Vincent narrowed his black, almond eyes and gazed at Berstez, who had continued to pay homage with his palm and fist put together in front of his chest,

Vincent: [Since when had the emperors of my country begun to guess at what had agitated the hearts of the people?

Berstez: [...I understand what you are saying, Your Excellency. However, the reality is that the people's rumors have raised concerns about Your Excellency's reign. If this is neglected, the poisonous blood filled with disease will circulate throughout the Empire.]

Vincent: [Are you advising to completely drain the poisonous blood for that?]

Berstetz: [Most humbly, even His Excellency the Emperor ruling the Empire would lose his life if he were decapitated. Would it not be imprudent to lose one's head to spare a limb?]

Vincent: [――――]

Berstetz: [Of course, if fingers, ears, and nails were enough to subdue it, that would be best.]

Accompanied by a final word of gratitude, Berstetz thus stated his own opinion.

That frank, in other words, the inconsiderate proposal made the officers and soldiers shudder. But at the same time, they admired him for speaking for them and saying what needed to be said.

Berstetz's way of putting it was the collective opinion of the officers and soldiers regarding the rebellion spreading throughout the Empire.

The Imperial soldiers were furious at the sight of those who had been content with Vincent's reign till then taking advantage of the people who had shouted out a single time, and one by one, raising their rebellious voices all over.

If one were a part of that first group, they would also be qualified to take the stage as a valiant adversary. But what of the shamefulness of those that followed?

Fighting, winning, and gaining were the fundamental principles of the people of the Empire.

Too many people misinterpreted the resolution that the people of the Empire must be strong, and used it for their own gain. Only by annihilating them could the resolution that the people of the Empire must be strong truly be realized.

However, Vincent has not taken active measures against these rebellions, relying on the defenses of the garrisons all over. Although――,

Berstetz: [Dispatching a First-Class General just to nip the rebellions in the bud is not a fundamental solution.]

Vincent: [――You are very eloquent, Berstetz. Opposing me excessively with the officers and soldiers lined up as your allies makes it look as if you were the head of the rebellion.]

Berstetz: [Nonsense. I am not prepared to lead a rebellion and drive Your Excellency away from the throne.]

Vincent: [Hmph.]

With a small snort, Vincent paid no mind to Berstetz's refutation.

Nevertheless, it was understandable why Vincent would say such a thing. After all, for a while now, all of Berstetz's words had been spoken on behalf of the hearts of the officers and soldiers.

Including the point where he mentioned the preemptive deployment of a General First-Class, and warned against it as being insufficient.

Setting aside the blood-soaked, sharp-tongued exchange that followed――.

Berstetz: [Your Excellency, this rebellion is...]

Vincent: [I have heeded your counsel. However――]

Berstetz: [――――]

Vincent: [――I, too, have a plan.]

Vincent's gaze swept over Berstetz and the assembled generals, erasing any lingering mistrust they might have had of the emperor.

When the meeting was called, and they were initially assembled in the throne room, each of the generals had their own feelings about Vincent's reluctance to take a stand against this rebellion.

In fact, it was Berstetz who advocated on behalf of the generals, but the feelings of the generals were shared by all of them, which became all the more amplified when they heard what he had to say.

Those feelings, which in a sense were almost as inflamed as the rebellion, were extinguished.

Like a great fire being doused by wind and water, it was slowed, weakened, and drowned out.

And then――,

Vincent: [Or do you doubt my words?]

Berstetz's eyebrows quivered as he was asked by the emperor, the owner of such profound wisdom.

What kind of emotions were shaking behind those thread-like narrow eyes hidden from the rest of the audience was unknown to anyone in attendance.

Only one thing was certain.

Troops: [――Absolutely, no!]

It is that the generals were in unison in their voices and answered the emperor's question in a gallant manner.

Stamping their feet, the military officers draw and raise their swords from their waists. The civilian officials clasp their palms and fists together in front of their chests, each making the most respectful bow appropriate for their position and responding as such to the Emperor's question.

The thoughts of the Emperor Vincent Vollachia, which no one can decipher.

However, if one asks whether to dismiss out of hand what one does not understand as untrustworthy, then the answer is no.

If what is needed for trust is words and a proven record, Vincent has demonstrated a proven record.

His achievements are worthy of note, beginning with his "Imperial Selection Ceremony" to become emperor, which was followed by a reign free of major turmoils.

Having demonstrated his performance, the emperor has also spoken the words necessary for trust.

――He asked whether they doubted his words.

Vincent: [This rebellion requires a great deal of thought. If you must be told this from beginning to end, how could you possibly expect to comply?]

Troops: [――Absolutely, no!]

Vincent: [Then, if that is so, do what needs to be done before your eyes wander about, and your hearing is strained. I have no intention of clothing you in the garb of your positions if you fail to do what needs to be done.]

The emperor's speech was both cold and sharp, which is why he seemed so accessible to the generals.

Vincent's gaze and tone of voice have the power to manipulate the passion of others' souls. His overbearing spirit, which is capable of being hot or cold, made the hearts of the generals burn at this time.

The general's eyes glazed over with anxiety and suspicion as they wondered what he was thinking.

No concrete answer was given. But the clouded eyes of the generals cleared. ――Because their emperor made it clear to them that he was working his deepest machinations.

Only then could the many Imperial soldiers' trust in victory and fight on.

Berstetz: [What would you like to divulge to the generals and me, if only a little?]

Vincent: [For what purpose? If I reveal it, it will cast a shadow over my strategy. Instead, what could be gained instead? Peace of mind for you, and those generals who are frightened of what lies ahead?]

Not even worth the time and effort, Vincent brushes Berstetz off with a harsh tone.

But the generals support Vincent's answer. They no longer had the feeling in their hearts from earlier that Berstetz's words spoke for them.

Rather, Berstetz's advice made Vincent angry and even frustrated. Vincent made it clear that he had a plan, and that it would be enough.

Vincent: [You may disagree. I, however, do not intend to offer an explanation based solely on the prestige of the empire.]

Looking at the silent Berstetz, Vincent added to his words.

At the sound of the emperor's voice convincing his unconvinced opponents, many of the generals inwardly shake their heads. No further words are needed. And yet, the emperor continues.

Vincent: [But as I stated. I have no desire to reveal my intentions to you. Instead, I have only one word for you.]

Berstetz: [Your Excellency…]

Vincent: [The people of the empire must be strong.]

Berstetz: [――――]

Vincent: [――I shall create a battlefield befitting the way of the sword-wolf.]

Nodding deeply, Vincent promised the assembled generals, over Berstetz.

A beat later, a fiery passion burns through the generals' bodies. It is a fire that is no less ferocious than the fires of rebellion spreading throughout the empire.

If the rebellion was a flame of distrust of the emperor, then the burning of the generals became a flame of confidence in the emperor.

Vincent and Berstetz: [――――]

Vincent and Berstetz look at each other silently as the heat quietly builds among the generals.

The emperor and the prime minister, both of whom occupy the highest positions in the empire in terms of their ingenuity, neither of which the surrounding generals could guess the intent of the glances exchanged by the two.

However, Berstetz did not make any further statements that would undermine the emperor's intentions.

But instead――,

Berstetz: [――Your Excellency, with all due respect, I have one more question.]

Vincent: [More questions and suspicions? Unlike the first time, those behind you do not seem to be on your side.]

Berstetz: [It is very difficult for one in the position of Prime Minister to decide whether or not to make a recommendation based on the presence or absence of allies.]

Vincent: [Your mouth works. Say it.]

Vincent urges him to do so, jerking his thin jaw.

In response, Berstetz prefaced his remarks with the words, "Then," and then continued.

That is――,

Berstetz: [――The Crown Prince with the black hair.]

Vincent: [――――]

Berstetz: [The ones who rebel throughout the land, have advocated him as their standard bearer. He is a black-haired, black-eyed boy whose origins have not yet been… disclosed as His Excellency's Son.]

Like Fire Magic Stones infused with mana, Berstetz's act of throwing them in, for better or for worse, once again makes the clueless generals around him speechless.

They had heard rumors about it. Even for them, it would be a lie to say that they did not care about the truth of the rumors. But they did not have the courage to confirm them.

Berstetz questioned this directly, and the generals, who should have been overcome with animosity, seemed to have turned their collective heads in anticipation.

The existence of the "Crown Prince" is now the sole focus of attention of all the people of the empire.

How it appears to Vincent's eyes, how his ears hear it, and how his mouth speaks of it.

After a short pause, Vincent called out to the Prime Minister with a  "Berstetz,"

And then――,

Vincent: [Do not be swayed by such frivolous rumors. I have no children. If necessary, find out where these rumors come from and bring the heir to the throne before me. I will keep him as a clown for my amusement.]

And with a wicked smile on his face, the black-haired emperor assured them so.

△▼△▼△▼△

Berstetz: [――Truly, is the “Crown Prince” not Your Excellency's son?]

It was the same question that was posed a few minutes ago in the presence of a large crowd.

However, the tone of emotion in his voice was slightly different and carried more weight. It was a serious question and a voice that only those who heard it would understand.

After all, it was a matter of life and death for the old man who asked the question.

The location was neither the throne room nor the Crystal Palace, but the Prime Minister's residence within the Imperial Capital.

Although they were both in charge of the government of the empire, the tension between Vincent and Berstetz was always on edge, and the perception around them was that they did not get along, to put it politely.

For that reason, their dialogue was sure to be a great surprise to those who witnessed it.

Vincent Vollachia secretly visited Berstetz Fondalfon's mansion and they faced each other in a room in this way.

Of course, the actual situation would cause an even greater sense of astonishment.

Vincent: [――――]

Vincent narrowed his eyes at the question, fixed his eyes on his partner, and remained silent. Rather than pondering, the emperor took pauses to corner his opponents, so Berstetz was in no hurry.

He was an old man who knew the effects of both silence and pauses.

In fact, although it was called a "matter of life and death," there was not a trace of anxiety, agitation, or self-preservation in Berstetz's appearance as he posed the question and waited for an answer.

Yes, there was not the slightest hint of self-preservation. That was what was most alarming about this old man.

Vincent: [Needless to say]

Berstetz: [――――]

Vincent: [The answer is the same. I have no heirs. It's all nonsense.]

Berstetz: [As I told you before, the discussion here will not leak out. Even if it were General First-Class Olbart, he would not be told. You know this.]

After a long pause, Berstetz responded to Vincent’s answer.

The "tea room" in Berstetz's mansion was a small fortress with all the trappings for the sole purpose of holding secret talks. Within Vollachia, there’s talk of the use of rare magical boundaries, as well as mysterious spells and "Metias" of some kind.

It’s rumored that this "tea room" alone costs enough to buy an entire city.

Berstetz: [I have received the necessary stipend. I will offer it to you after my death so that you may put it to good use.]

Vincent: [Do you think a room named "tea room" would suit the Crystal Palace?]

Berstetz: [The name and interior are not important, so you can redecorate it as you like. What's important is its function… Here, you don't need to wear a false skin!]

Rather than using implied meanings, Berstetz came to unmask with plain language.

At that, Vincent closed one eye. It wasn’t contemplation. The answer was obvious. This was just another pause, another silence.

Even though he knew it would have no effect on the old man before him, he would not cut corners.

He was not going to deviate from what he had already decided. He had been told bluntly by easygoing old acquaintances that it wasn’t a game, but it was in his nature.

Vincent: [I have no reason to follow your lead. You and I are in a relationship of mutual struggle based on our mutual interests. Do not misunderstand that.]

Berstetz: [I see. If that is the case, I would like you to dispel my doubts.]

Vincent: [――――]

Berstetz: [I will ask again. You do not have a son, do you, Your Excellency the Emperor?]

Vincent: [――. The answer remains the same.]

Vincent repeated the same answer over and over again. Berstetz responded with a short, "I see," without a trace of disappointment or relief on his face.

Considering the objective of this old man, despite knowing what would be stated in response, as Vincent was related to the matter in question, he listened again.

Vincent: [For the sake of argument, if I had a child, what would you do?]

Berstetz: [If His Excellency had a son, it means that His Excellency was willing to fulfill the duties of the Emperor. The custody of the Son would be secured as soon as possible, and we would have the real Emperor return to the throne.]

Vincent: [Hmm. Then, what about me?]

Berstetz: [As to how traitors meet their end, we both know, don’t we?]

Berstetz was thorough in his response, which was matter-of-fact and calm.

It was refreshing to see him go so far as to serve the empire's way of life to the end selflessly. The fact that there was not a speck of uncertainty in his appearance made the abnormality stand out even more.

With that, despite Berstetz's thoughts――,

Vincent: [――The rumors about the "Crown Prince" must have been spread by the man himself, who keeps running away.]

Berstetz: [Do you think it will provoke rebellion in various places? Is it possible that there were children of whom even you and General First-Class Cecilus weren’t informed?]

Vincent: [It is not possible.]

Berstetz: [Even you don't know everything about His Excellency.]

Vincent: [――It is not possible.]

Vincent shook his head at Berstetz, who liked to eliminate the smallest details.

This was not wishful thinking, a desire, or pretending to understand. It couldn’t have happened. He could assure him without a shred of doubt.

Regardless of authenticity, Vincent Vollachia did not have a child.

The man must have been very thorough to leave no room for such suspicions or even a glimmer of possibility. To eliminate any doubt, he had never even shared a bedchamber with a woman.

A steel will to never close his eyes in front of others, that's what made him stick to his way of being.

Consequently――,

Vincent: [――Vincent Vollachia does not have a child. What you have done is legitimate.]

Berstetz: [Legitimate? If this is legitimate, then I should be the one to usurp the throne with my own hands. It is not legitimate when it cannot be fulfilled. First of all]

Vincent: [――――]

Berstetz: [This old, withered arm of an old tree cannot defend the authority of the empire.]

The old man's flat tone of voice seemed to be more of a frenzied obsession than anything else.

Many people believed that they were doing the right thing and acted accordingly. Otherwise, they would not be able to fully demonstrate their abilities, and, of course, they would not be able to validate themselves.

How many of us were aware that we were making mistakes, and yet we didn't hesitate? Without hesitation, positive results are still returned.

And――,

Vincent: [――――]

――And what awaits them as they move forward, despite their missteps.

Berstetz: [Once all doubt has been dispelled, my work will continue unchanged.]

While Vincent is contemplating, Berstetz is speaking in an unconcerned voice.

Perhaps he did not anticipate the existence of a "crown prince" in the first place. If he was told by his closest confidant that there was no such possibility, he could withdraw his doubts for the time being.

Consequently, Berstetz's attention and topic of interest also quickly moved to the next topic.

Berstetz: [Then how do to deal with the rebels who turn their blades against you?]

Vincent: [Does the exchange in the throne room not satisfy you?]

Berstetz: [I dared to represent the troops, but the position of those who trusted in your wisdom and prestige is different from theirs. ――We have sent General Arakiya and General Madelyn to various parts of the country to crush the seeds of rebellion, but that is not enough to keep up with them.]

Vincent: [――――]

While propping up his chin in his chair, Vincent listens silently to Berstetz's report.

In fact, Berstetz's behavior in the throne room was not arranged. But given the situation within the empire and Vincent's position, it was the best tactic possible.

With that, the troop’s frustration and suspicion were redirected. However, Berstetz, who has knowledge of the fact that the throne is vacant, is not convinced by the prestige of Vincent, who just sitting on the vacant throne.

Berstetz: [Normally, this is the point in the plan where the commanding ability of either First General Chisha or First General Goz is required. Since it is difficult to mobilize both of them, why not revert to the alternative… Groovy?]

Vincent: [――The movements to the northwest are very suspicious, and whether it is Kararagi or another party, we have no option of moving them from that border at this time.]

The original duties of a general include domestic security and keeping a check on the rest of the country.

This situation was caused by Vincent and Berstetz's collaboration, but if it jeopardizes the empire's footing, it will be like putting the cart before the ground dragon ――and thus, self-serving leadership will strangle it.

Groovy Gumlet's deployment is also an indispensable linchpin in the defense of the empire.

Berstetz: [Then, how about General Olbart?]

Vincent: [We don't want to carelessly move them away from the Imperial Capital and unnecessarily expose them to the rebel forces. It is essential to keep him in the capital and deploy him at key points. At least, for now, as long as they are willing to follow us.]

Berstetz: [There is also the recuperation for the arm that was lost in the incident in the Demon City. Given the circumstances, it will not be too difficult to keep him in the Imperial Capital. If that is the case, then General Moguro.]

Vincent: [He has a role that only he can play.]

Tapping the floor with the toe of his shoe, Vincent dismisses Berstetz's suggestions one after another.

The "Nine Divine Generals" have all been given irreplaceable assignments. There are only a few of the "Nine Divine Generals" that do not fall into this category.

Berstetz: [Is General Cecilus still an unknown?]

Vincent: [It is extremely difficult for him to distinguish between friend and foe. Their beliefs don't change based on principles or causes. Therefore, I have removed them from the board.]

They have known each other for a long time, suffice it to say. But not once have they felt like they understood one another.

Perhaps no one but Cecilus can understand Cecilus. There is no reprieve to abandon his sword power, which is certain, but it is his position that is uncertain.

Cecilus, hoping to stand on a grand stage, seemed to bear a grudge of some kind.

Vincent: [In any case, there is no chance of them returning. Besides their uselessness, he is a troublesome pawn, and they will only make one's calculations go awry. Most likely, the rebels will share the same view.]

Berstetz: [――. I have no objection if you do not return them to the board. If so, then we have an illegitimate "crown prince" impersonating the excellency's son, and the rebels who are gaining momentum. And as for the forces that will be able to intercept First General Yorna.]

Vincent: [Arakiya, Olbart Dunkelkenn, and Madelyn Eschart.]

Berstetz: [――――]

Vincent: [Add Chisha Gold and Moguro Hagane if you think it is lacking.]

At a loss for words, Berstetz shook his head and just said, "Not at all,"

Although it is doubtful how open-minded one can be about this, it is an exceptional situation to have five "Nine Divine Generals" to face off against an adversary. In addition, there are a few other generals, such as Kafma Irulux, who could be called "Semi-First-Generals" in terms of strength.

Therefore――,

Vincent: [――In the Imperial City of Lupugana, we shall meet the rebels.]

Berstetz: [Perhaps the rebels will change their fighting style when they are in full numbers.]

Vincent: [Using a black-haired "Crown Prince" to gather forces, and with other people carrying a deceptive symbol? How can such a group of people be so united in their insistence on the authenticity of a non-existent crown prince? In the short term, it is a clever move to strengthen the fire of rebellion, but in the medium to long term, there will be growing deficiencies.]

The rebels took advantage of this opportunity to raise their voices, many of them under the banner of a fake crown prince.

Even if all the rebel forces from different parts of the country were to gather in the capital, they would not be able to coordinate with each other. However, Vincent Vollachia certainly did not fail to consider such a possibility.

With that in mind, it leaves some element of uncertainty. And speaking of uncertainties――

Berstetz: [――A decisive battle in the imperial capital, as if the rebel hordes had been pouring into the capital since the founding of the Sacred Vollachian Empire, just like at Magrizza’s Guillotine.]

Vincent: [Berstetz.]

Berstetz: [Yes?]

Vincent: [You seem to be having a lot of fun.]

At Vincent's remark, Berstetz gave an unusually confused "huh?]. However, when he pinched his cheek with his fingers, he became aware of his feelings for the first time.

Slowly, he probed for the slightest hint of pleasure, the true nature of it, and found it,

Berstetz: [I am terribly sorry. I sincerely apologize for what I did.]

Vincent: [No need to apologize. Why do you laugh?]

Berstetz: [Laughter. …I just thought that after all.]

Vincent: [After all?]

Berstetz: [After all, the Vollachian Empire is the picture of a whirlwind of battles.]

To anyone outside the Empire, it would have sounded like a silly thing for an old man to say.

However, this was probably a sentiment held by almost everyone in the Vollachian Empire, young and old, and Berstetz was not unique in this regard.

――No, of course, it was rare for anyone to say such a thing, even in this position.

Vincent: [Is that what the Vollachian Empire is supposed to be?]

Berstetz: [We each have our own picture of the future. His Excellency… No, I'm sure you do too.]

Vincent: [――――]

In the tea room, he talked a little too much, even though there was no room for others to hear him.

His prolific speech, which is unlike Berstetz's, is proof that human blood flows through his veins. If that is the case, then perhaps he may not have human blood in him after all.

Because ――,

Vincent: [You talk too much, Berstetz, who do you think I am?]

There was neither elation nor sorrow in his quiet response.
