*This is a Work in Progress, everything is subject to change*

――The air screams, and the world slows a little by little.

A fever had dominated the battlefield. ――No it was not the battlefield that was dominated, but the Empire.

A fever had overtaken the entire empire, and the land was engulfed in an unparalleled upheaval.

Many raise their voices, raise their weapons, proclaim their ideals, raise their enthusiasm.

It propagates outward to the surroundings, becoming bigger, wider, faster, stronger, and hotter.

The fever was one that had been festering in the hearts and minds of Vollachia's citizens for endless years.

A heat that had been endlessly pushed into a box, losing its opportunity to dissipate. But the trapped heat continued to grow stronger during that time, and finally exploded when it found an opportunity.

Things that have started that way, in and of themselves, are not to be denied.

If there are many people, then there are many different ways of thinking. In addition, different countries have different ways of thinking, and different ways of living are rooted in different kinds of soil, water, and air.

If one does not know that, no one will listen to one's complaints.

That is why it is out of place to talk about right and wrong here.

In such a place where so many things are intertwined, there is only one thing that can be said.

That is――,

???: [――I, reaaally hate this.]

That whispered voice literally changed the atmosphere of the battlefield.

The farmlands, grasslands, and the expanse of green surrounding the Imperial Capital of Lupgana were covered with flakes of white snow, a scene that would not have been possible in an empire known for its warm climate.

???: [What, is this…]

It is a Weaponkin who collapses to the ground and cries out in confusion in front of the snow they saw for the first time.

They were born with parts of their bodies made of metal, which they reworked into weapons for use on the battlefield.

Just as they regrouped and prepared to take on the enemy once more with those who were still able to fight, the white scene slowly appeared.

Stunned for a moment, they quickly turned their attention back to the battlefield.

It would have been no surprise if the enemy had taken advantage of that split-second opportunity to take their lives. However, the enemy did not see them as a threat and did not take advantage of the opportunity.

They pooled up their humiliation, wielded their anger in their blades, spears, and axes, and realized that this time, with the pride of their race, they would destroy their enemies.

――When they tried to move their bodies, they found that they were numb and unable to move as they intended.

Again, the Vollachian Empire is a country where the climate remains warm throughout the year.

Of course, if one's hometown is situated high in the mountains, along the border with a neighboring country, or close to a huge waterfall, one has the opportunity to experience a different climate, but this was not the case for the Weaponkin.

That said, one can hardly blame them.

Who could possibly know to be concerned?

Even now, at midday on the battlefield where blue skies and sunshine are peeking through, a body so hot that one is sweating is cooled all at once, and a freezing wind blows so hard that it makes one's blood run cold, and so on.

???: [Everybody! Get away from here! I'll reaaally try to do my best here!]

A voice struck the astonished Weaponkin as they forced their inflexible bodies to move.

In the cold air, making it difficult even to grasp a weapon, a figure could be seen moving forward with large strides across the meadow, silver hair flowing in the air.

A beautiful girl with white skin, amethyst eyes, and a tremendously well-defined facial profile stepped forward majestically, taking the spectacle around her as a given.

As they admired the sight, the Weaponkin realized. ――This was who brought this upon them.

???: [――You again.]

The astonishment of the shivering Weaponkin continued.

As the silver-haired girl advanced forward, a voice called down to her―― Madelyn Eschart, the small figure standing on top of the city wall, a dragonkin with two black horns on her head.

She was the "monster" who reigned supreme as the Ninth of the Nine Divine Generals and crushed the Weaponkin's battle line with a single stroke.

Looking down below in disgust, Madelyn held in her hand her Flying Winged Blade, a weapon too large for her stature, yet she was a master at manipulating it, even if it was heavier than it looked.

Even in an empire filled with demi-human tribes, the rare species of dragonkin was so intimidating that even a mere confrontation with them would make a weak-minded person cower and kneel.

However――,

???: [Yes! It's me again, Madelyn! A passing Spiritual Arts User, Emily!]

Emily, the girl who pointed at the golden stare of the dragonkin, did not care.

An unfearful exchange, that was all that the Weaponkin understood. They understood the difference between the stage that they, Emily, and Madelyn were standing on, and the difference in the height of the viewpoints they saw.

Weaponkin: [――――]

There was disappointment and frustration at the reality of the situation, but immediately afterward, a sense of elation.

It was the anticipation of the battle that was about to unfold before their eyes, a battle that transcended human understanding.

It began. The battle between high and low was a battle in a realm that could not be won simply by being born strong.

As a warrior, irrespective of their blood cooling with the drop in temperature, a warrior's shiver occurred.

And then――,

Madelyn: [You're an irritating girl. The other day in the battle, you couldn't beat this dragon――]

Madelyn's face, which could even be described as adorable, turned fiendishly serious.

Raising the Flying Winged Blade in her hand, the angry dragonkin poured all her strength into her slender arms, taking no notice of the extreme cold that hindered the Weaponkin's movements.

An intuition. The moment that Flying Winged Blade was wielded, a battle that would be remembered throughout history would begin.

Emilia: [――Hiyah!]

――The next moment, a block of ice as large as a castle crashed to the ground just beyond Emily's reach, and Madelyn's figure on the ramparts was swallowed up in the icy shards beyond with a roar.

△▼△▼△▼△

A large block of ice slammed into the rampart, and inwardly Emilia nodded her head and thought, "Good."

The battle between the rebels surrounding the Imperial City and the regular army trying to defend it began, and it left Emilia's head in quite a mess.

Let's do the best that we can and reduce the number of people who die by all means.

That was the policy that Emilia had set forth, a goal that her colleagues accepted without opposition, even though they knew that it would be difficult.

Yet, when Emilia and the others arrived at their destination, the rebels who had arrived earlier had already begun the battle.

???: [From the Imperial Capital's point of view, they are all the same rebels, but each tribe has its own agendas. It was not a battle that began in an orderly manner, with all the tribes lining up to fight. One can understand that without even thinking about it.]

Abel had said rather nasty things to the impatient Emilia, but she herself, who had entered the battle from the fortified city, took up positions and joined the battle, albeit delayed.

Of Emilia and the others, the two main players in the battle were herself and Garfiel; Beatrice and Petra could not fight, and Otto and Frederica both had roles to play.

It was very frustrating for Emilia, as she could only fight, but she had learned that division of roles was very important, so she decided to leave it all up to everyone's specialties.

Abel: [Lupugana, the Imperial Capital, is surrounded by star-shaped walls. It is a city that is hard to attack and easy to defend. The only way to conquer the city is to capture the five bastions.]

Emilia: [The five bastions?]

Abel: [It is a star-shaped wall. You can command the battlefield in depth and at a distance from these five bastions. Conversely, if we take these points, we can greatly reduce the opponent's strength. For that reason.]

Emilia: [For that reason?]

Abel: [From the rebels who strike first, we will determine the enemy's force distribution. If they can reduce the opponent's strength, even if only slightly, then that would be satisfactory.]

Emilia: [Then the people who strike first will be in danger! You absolutely can't do that!]

Even though it was Abel's role to come up with a winning strategy, Emilia could not accept that approach. So, she decided to embark on a mission to get to the top of the necessary points of the star.

Honestly, though, she could not find the decisive point to rush to.

Otto: [Emily, I will tell you where to go. ――I have a plan.]

As Emilia was about to take off, Otto offered to help her.

Emilia was unsure what to say to Otto, due to him looking so reckless to her that she was not sure what to say to him.

Petra: [Don't worry, Emily. Leave it to me.]

Petra told her so, and Emilia believed it, and she was able to start on her way.

Garfiel: [Emily! My amazin’ self is over here! Let’s blow open a new hole!]

After pledging good luck to the spirited Garfiel and to each other, they all split up on the way to their respective bastion.

Frederica: [Emily …No, Emilia-sama, I will also be racing around for my role. Please be safe, and do not be too reckless for Subaru-sama's sake!]

Frederica, running alongside her, turned into a beast and ran across the battlefield with blinding speed.

Everyone was scrambling to do their role.

Emilia: [I also have to work reaaally hard.]

With a strong determination in her heart, Emilia arrived at the bastion to do what needed to be done.

Closing her eyes tightly, she laid her left hand on her right hand, which was placed on her own chest. Before the battle began, Beatrice, regretting not being able to participate in the fight, had held her hand and said,

Beatrice: [It is infuriating, but Betty is asking you to take Betty's place, in fact. After Betty, the next person who can do their best for Subaru is Emilia, I suppose.]

Emilia: [Yes, I truly want to believe that.]

Whether it was because of Beatrice's trust, or because of everyone's cooperation, Emilia's body and mind were in surprisingly good shape.

Her flustered heart and her confused mind had calmed down, and she was very calm.

Very calmly, Emilia balanced her role with what she wanted to do.

Emilia's role was to defeat Madelyn, who was guarding her bastion.

What Emilia wanted to do was to prevent as many people from dying as possible.

Madelyn and her would fight from this point on. In order to keep a lot of people from dying.

Emilia: [――――]

Opening her eyes, Emilia quickly became aware of the gate deep inside her body, releasing all her accumulated mana at once and dropping the temperature of her surroundings at a furious pace.

Vollachia was a warm country, so many people did not like the cold, according to the studious Petra. Otto, an animal lover, also told her that flying dragons in the sky also did not like the cold.

Then again, when it gets cold, it makes people want to curl up, according to the siblings Garfiel and Frederica.

Emilia realized that she had to compare all of this with her own experiences.

That was――,

Emilia: [When it's reaaally cold, people don't want to fight.]

Once, at the Roswaal mansion, before it had burned down, the area around the mansion was completely covered in snow when Puck, before he fell asleep, had a mana release problem.

The problem spread to the nearby village of Arlam and caused quite a commotion, but it remained a strange memory for Emilia, who had never felt cold in her entire life.

The experience and knowledge gained from that time were put to good use.

Emilia: [I know that I can't easily bend everyone's opinions or feelings regarding this fight. If possible, I wish I could talk to them and understand them better, but I don't have the time.]

Thus, Emilia decided.

She would use force―― no, she would hold everyone down with the cold.

My fingers are numb, I can’t pick up my weapon, my knees are shaking, I can’t execute any techniques, I can't even use one, my teeth won’t stop chattering, my gaze is unsteady, and my breath is white, which shocks me.

If they thought that, then everyone would not need to fight.

And yet, there was an opponent who still raised a strong body and mind to fight――,

Emilia: [――I’ll be your opponent!]

Madelyn: [Stop messing around and don't get carried away.――ah!!]

Emilia's cry of determination covered over the roar of the ice blocks that had fallen onto the city wall.

A healthy voice would respond even if hit directly by a block of ice larger than a house. That might surprise others, but not Emilia. It was the same as when they bumped into each other in Guaral a few days ago.

This time as well, the fight started the same way, with ice blocks striking her opponent.

???: [You’ve got no artistry.]

A high-pitched sound echoed through the air, and the next moment, the huge piece of ice broke vertically in half.

Emerging from behind the scattered pieces of ice was an energetic Madelyn, holding her Flying Winged Blade above her head.

The pupils of her golden eyes narrowed as she watched the shattering ice splinter into shards, particles, then reduced to mana.

Madelyn: [Even after that painful experience, nothing has changed, half-demon…]

Emilia: [Painful experience… That last one was a surprise, but I think Priscilla and I were about to win pretty quickly. You shouldn’t lie.]

Madelyn: [――Hk, don't underestimate this dragon, half-demon!]

Madelyn bent her knees, preparing to jump off the ramparts, her eyes angry at Emilia's rebuttal. Emilia's eyes widened at that action, and after glancing at her surroundings,

Emilia: [Hiyah!]

She waved her arms and made an ice block rain down on Madelyn as before.

Naturally, it did not check Madelyn’s power, and it was repelled and shattered by her weapon, which she raised annoyingly, rendering the attack ineffective.

However――,

Emilia: [Hiyah! Hiyaah! There’s still more! Here!]

Madelyn: [Wha-]

One after another, she created ice blocks in the sky and dropped them, one after the other, onto Madelyn on the city walls.

Since speed was prioritized over power during the process, the size of the ice was much smaller than at first, about the size of a fist at most.

Even so, if they were to hit one's head, they would undoubtedly cause tremendous pain, and Emilia's hands would produce ten, twenty, fifty, or even a hundred of them, which would then rain down on top of the city walls.

Ice pebbles―― however, it was not as pretty as pebbles; it was an ice storm.

Madelyn: [Get with it! Don't get――]

Against that downpouring ice storm aimed at her, Madelyn wildly fought back.

Using her whole body, which was unaffected by the cold, she used her Flying Winged Blade not as a throwing weapon but as a swinging one, swatting down the falling storms of ice chunks.

A chain of concussions and cracking noises sent a flood of ice chunks rushing toward Madelyn as she sprinted along the ramparts.

Madelyn dodged, flipped, sidestepped, and spun around with the gait of a dancer, or even a gymnast, as she dodged the icy dance.

Her mobility was also eye-popping, but it was not Emilia's aim to hit. It was an attack that was supposed to be avoided, and its purpose was to buy time.

That was to say――,

Emilia: [Everyone, get away! If Madelyn and I fight, it will be dangerous for everyone around here!]

Emilia called out to the surrounding rebels as she hurled a storm of ice into the air.

The beaten Weaponkin were huddled together, looking for an opening to recklessly join in, but they were shivering from the cold, and many of them had lost their weapons.

The difficulty in moving their limbs was extremely egregious because of what Emilia did, but she hoped that they would do their best to move those limbs and withdraw with their friends.

And then――,

Madelyn: [――Hk, it’s useless!]

Emilia's attack prioritized quantity, and Madelyn's Flying Winged Blade was unleashed, slicing through the monotony of it and breaking through the finely shattered ice pieces.

Emilia quickly dodged the Flying Winged Blade, which roared furiously as it cut through the wind, but as it circled the battlefield with a roar, the Flying Winged Blade returned with frightening precision.

The whirlwind of death that reaped everything in its path was mercilessly reaping everything but Emilia. Therefore, Emilia ran so that the slow-moving Weaponkin would not become collateral damage.

Emilia: [Uhyaa!]

Unable to keep up with the oncoming whirlwind of death, a body intervened in front of the Weaponkin, who were unable to dodge.

With a kick of her upraised foot, she kicked up the Flying Winged Blade's edge. The impact made every bone in Emilia's body creak, but she gritted her teeth and endured it without hesitation. Launching it with all her might, the blade went over the heads of Weaponkin and herself, flying toward their backs.

Emilia: [Now you can…]

Madelyn: [You thought it was over?]

Emilia: [――Hk]

Before she had any time to feel relief, a voice spoke from behind her.

Beyond her flowing silver hair, the Flying Winged Blade that Emilia had sent flying was grasped, Madelyn’s figure brandishing the blade being reflected in her amethyst eyes.

A downward slash, to dodge it would put everyone in danger.

Emilia: [Ice Brand Arts!]

With no other choice except to receive the blow, Emilia immediately formed a sword made of ice in order to meet the Flying Winged Blade.

A duel with swords locked together, it was not. The moment the opponent’s blades came into contact, the ice sword abruptly cracked, shattering. But, that was only one of them. Her other hand had a second one, the hand that lost the first blade producing a third one; though they broke, they did not give up, Emilia’s barrage of ice swords roaring out.

She spun wildly, striking the side of the Flying Winged Blade, striking, barely parrying it, falling

Emilia: [Kyaah!]

The Flying Winged Blade that struck down hit the ground, and a moment later,  a shock wave hit Emilia’s entire body.

Hit by the same force, the Weaponkin that failed to escape were blown far away. The Dragonkin’s raw strength was absurd, even more so than the already strong Emilia.

Emilia: [Still…]

Jumping up as her body rolled, Emilia slapped her cheeks and looked in front of her.

Pulling the Flying Winged Blade from the ground, Madelyn pouted in displeasure and glared, to the still-lively Emilia, and then looked around.

Madelyn: [It’s just you, correct? What about that woman?]

Emilia: [That woman…? Ah, do you mean Priscilla?]

Madelyn: [Do you think that this Dragon would think to memorize a human’s name? I mean that crimson woman.]

Emilia: [That’s Priscilla. I’m Emily. Priscilla wanted to meet with someone.]

While Able was forming his strategies back at the encampment and Emilia's team was running across the battlefield, Priscilla and Al's team were also stepping onto the grounds of the battlefield.

However, unlike Emilia’s team, who wanted to bring back Subaru and Rem, and Abel’s team, who wanted to somehow overthrow the emperor, Priscilla’s goal was hard to comprehend.

When asked, she never answered properly either.

Emilia: [Even Yorna, she wouldn’t tell me what they spoke about.]

A mother and daughter meeting after having been separated, she thought that they must have had a lot to talk about.

Emilia also wanted to ask about what to talk about as a reference for her future reunion with Puck, who resided inside the magical stone hanging from her around her neck.

Of course, she also just wanted to hear Priscilla speaking happily.

Madelyn: [Would like to meet…]

Emilia: [Er, they’re somewhere on this battlefield, I think. She said that it was her problem, and I also prioritized my knight but… Ah! Umm, Lady Petra’s! Knight, maybe!]

Madelyn: [————]

In the Vollachian Empire, where she had to disguise her social position, Emilia hurriedly corrected herself, Madelyn looking at her suspiciously.

She was suspicious, as Emilia was not good at lying. If she tried too hard to conceal her identity, it would be very likely that her secret would be exposed, leaving her no choice but to shrug her shoulders instead.

Emilia: [No, that was a lie. Yes, Subaru is my knight. Sorry for tricking you.]

Madelyn: [In the first place, I’ve never even heard of him!]

Emilia: [Is, that right…?]

Madelyn: [What a little girl like you thinks, to this dragon, it is completely irrelevant. It’s frustrating that that crimson woman is not here, but still, that’s convenient.]

With these words, Madelyn’s body slowly began releasing steam.

In the cold air, dyed white by her exhaled breath, her body continued to heat up, that body which began to give rise to a visible fighting spirit.

That, the visible fighting spirit which began to pour over, caused Emilia to immediately produce a pair of swords in her hands.

Emilia held a vigilant guard, at which Madelyn let out a savage laugh,

Madelyn: [One by one, those who make a mockery of this Dragon shall be massacred.]

Her blazing golden eyes shone as she charged forward.

With a step that caused the frost-covered earth to explode, the distance between them was eliminated in a single breath, as Madelyn raised her Flying Winged Blade over her head as Emilia prepared herself.

And then——,

Emilia: [Even without Priscilla, I’m not alone!]

Madelyn: [What——]

“Saying”, is what she thought Madelyn was about to shout out.

But, an unseen figure didn’t allow her to finish as they pinned down the Flying Winged Blade that she had been brandishing over her head. Madelyn opened her eyes wide at this, looking at the figure that had jumped on the Flying Winged Blade

That was, a body that blocked the attack by colliding with it, a Natsuki Subaru made of ice——,

Madelyn: [Wha...!?]

Emilia: [Hiyaa!]

Towards the Madelyn that had ceased moving, Emilia’s twin blades of ice thrust forwards.

△▼△▼△▼△


Battles began at the top of the star-shaped ramparts that surrounded the Imperial Capital, and the nature of the warfare changed.

It was almost comical how many were being eliminated by a small force, nearly a singular force; it was like a microcosm of the Vollachian Empire, a land where the strong were revered.

No matter how many weak people gathered together, one swing of a strong person easily plucked away hope.

In fact, even a battle that was enthusiastically named the “Imperial Capital Decisive Battle” would result in every single rebel being cut down if left unchecked, and those with smoldering fighting spirits would become docile in time.

Or perhaps it was the Emperor's intention to flush out such rebels.

Although――,

Yorna: [――That is, that would have been the story if His Excellency Vincent Vollachia hadn't been deposed from the throne.]

With a kiseru in one hand, Yorna Mishigure looked down at the battlefield and uttered a few words tinged with purple smoke.

Daring to start a small fire themselves, the attitude that had slacked due to peace needed to be braced. It was something the Emperor would probably do, but it wouldn't be something he would do by giving up the throne himself.

However, if she had not known the truth and had not been invited as one of the "Nine Divine Generals" who ruled over the Demon City, which side would she have joined?

Yorna: [I don't have time for such useless sentimentality. ――I have a role to play.]

Yorna quietly looks forward, abandoning the implausible alternative.

Vincent Vollachia, the true emperor, has kept the peace in this empire. The future under the reign of the false emperor who ousted him, and where it will lead, is dark and profoundly deep.

Yorna believes that this is the case.

Yorna: [My beloved children and the people who live in the land of His Excellency's beloved empire.]

The loved ones who foolishly lost their Demon City and continue to adore themselves for failing to show the authority that they should have shown.

The people of the empire are loved by a man who was once beloved by them and who is still loved by them with undiminished affection.

Moreover, what is appropriate for the world in which her child, with whom she has shared her soul, will live.

It is――,

Yorna: [――I would rather have the peace of a true emperor than a future built by a false one.]

As Yorna said this, she slowly began to swirl the earth around her as she spun her kiseru, drawing a spiral. This is Yorna's technique of imparting the "Soul Marriage Technique" to inorganic objects and making them do her will.

A technique that others can never imitate due to the capacity of their souls ――however, unlike in the Demon City, where they have spent a long and intimate time imbuing her thoughts and feelings, the soil of the Imperial City is slow to move.

Perhaps Yorna's own mixed feelings about the Empire are not unrelated, though.

Yorna: [I'm sorry I am not in the best of shape, but I shall be your partner.]

In front, Yorna's gaze looks up at the top of the ramparts, and then further up them.

The reason for this is simple and obvious: because her opponent whose line of sight she is to target is higher than the city walls and flying freely in the sky above the battlefield.

Transforming her legs below her knees into flames, "The Spirit Eater" concealed destruction contained within her slender body.

???: [――Yorna]

Yorna: [General First-Class Arakiya, you are still fighting as flamboyantly as ever. Even from a distance, I could recognize you at a glance.]

A brown-skinned dogwoman with a tree branch in one hand and an eye patch over her left eye ――Arakiya.

She cast a wary eye at Yorna, who appeared below her, her skin burning with hostility, and Yorna looked around, narrowing her eyes at the burnt farmland.

It was at this bastion, Arakiya's, that there was the most flamboyant of interceptions in response to the rebels' attack.
 
Of course, this is due to the fact that she herself is powerful, but perhaps it was also meant to show off her power to those around her.

Yorna was not the only one who spotted Arakiya at first glance as the guardian of this bastion.

Even a warrior of any caliber could easily recognize Arakiya's immense power, even if he did not know who Arakiya really was.

It is more than just Arakiya's own aims――,

???: [Who put this idea in your head, Arakiya?]

Arakiya: [――Hk.]

Yorna: [You…]

Behind her, the sound of something coming, trudging across the scorched black grass, shook the battlefield.

Both Arakiya and Yorna gasped, and their eyes widened. Yorna raised her eyebrows at the appearance of a voice that should not have been audible, but was.

That the footsteps were lined up alongside Yorna's without her having to turn around.

???: [What is it, Dear Mother? Even after having died once, you are still unable to abandon your children?]

So, opening the fan in her hand with a sound, the crimson-eyed Priscilla cruelly laughed.

Her unexpected appearance and subsequent words caught Yorna off guard, drawing out a sigh of exasperation.

Yorna: [Prisca, no wonder you cannot forgive me…]

Priscilla: [Unfortunately, that girl who bore that name is dead. If you are concerned about her, you can visit her grave. My name is Priscilla Barielle. Strive not to make that mistake."

Yorna: [――. I thought Abel had told you that he would leave this to me.]

Priscilla: [No, I told you at that same meeting that I shall not do what Abel wants.]

Priscilla always had a way of saying the same thing, and Yorna found Priscilla's attitude to be off-putting. Priscilla, however, snorted with a "humph," and the smile on her face disappeared.

That said, her crimson gaze turned to Arakiya above her head.

Arakiya is one of the strongest "Nine Divine Generals," and Yorna was assigned to be her opponent because no one but Yorna would be a match for her.

Nevertheless, the thoughtful Priscilla came to this place because she had a reason to confront Arakiya regardless of such factors as strength and tactics.

As evidenced by the fact that Arakiya was clearly upset by Priscilla's appearance.

Even in front of Yorna, her somewhat vacant expression did not waver, but as soon as she saw Priscilla, her mask shattered.

It was unmistakable proof of the special relationship between Priscilla and Arakiya.

Priscilla: [Arakiya, have you made up your mind?]

Priscilla's profile was guileful as she asked the question, her gaze so sharp that she looked as if she wanted to kill the target of her gaze. However, the words spun by her lips were somehow gentle and even benevolent.

A harshly embellished gentle question, to which Arakiya gasped and nodded.

Arakiya: [Take back the Princess. ――Kill His Excellency, the Princess, the real Emperor.]

Priscilla: [You wish for a formal resolution of the "Imperial Selection Ceremony"? That would be fine.]

Hearing Arakiya's answer, Priscilla closed the fan in her hand. She tucked it into her cleavage, raised her free hand to the sky, and pulled her treasured crimson sword out of thin air.

The heat emitted around the blade, was such that the air seemed to shimmer; it was the "Yang Sword" that only the Emperor of Vollachia was allowed to wield.

It was as if an image of Yorna’s beloved man, who once wielded that treasured crimson sword, came back to her behind her eyelids.

Priscilla: [This is not the time to fawn, Dear Mother.]

Yorna: [――. Without exception, even though I was not the one who raised you …why did you grow up to be so conceded?]

Priscilla: [Well, now. I am who I am for no particular reason. additionally, there was one thing I failed to tell you.]

With Priscilla at her side holding up the Yang sword, Yorna's whole body tensed up, and she, too, entered into a fighting stance. When she was in that posture, Yorna turned to her daughter with a suspicious look in her eyes.

Without meeting her gaze, Priscilla pointed at Arakiya with the tip of her yang sword and,

Priscilla: [She was my foster sister. After Dear Mother's death, she grew up with me as if we were sisters. Now, it seems, she wants to put me on the throne."

Yorna: [Wha-]

Priscilla: [It is coming]

Yorna's eyes widened at the revelation, and the unsympathetic pronouncement was made almost simultaneously.

Swelling flames cover the sky and fall with such enormous heat that they turn the already burnt earth into scorched earth.

Beyond that, Arakiya, dyeing the world red, shouted.

Arakiya: [I will take the princess back, with my power! ――That's what I've been taught.]

△▼△▼△▼△

Gazing from afar at Arakiya's consecutive flames excessively setting the world ablaze, Todd Fang had sensed that the mood of the battlefield was changing with the direction of the wind.

Todd: [――There's no doubt that the first move was effective.]

Great firepower broke the fighting spirit of the invading rebels, and the one leading them would always be someone who had been recognized for their ability.

There was no way a group could maintain its morale when it was being burned without any way to do anything about it.

Hence, of the five bastions protecting the star-shaped ramparts, he had judged that the bastion with Arakiya that he had been assigned to was the safest, and the place where the enemy's attack would be weakened.

In fact, Todd's judgment proved true, and after the Cyclops tribe that had bravely stepped in was wiped out, fearing Arakiya, the rebels' attack was in tatters, and the battle was practically won.

The cause for this change of mood was the repelled first group of rebels being joined by a second group that had arrived late.

After being struck on the head and losing their fighting strength, the first group had been expected to collapse, but they had been absorbed by the second group that had come around later, and were attempting to restore their fighting strength.

Of course, even if the losers came together, it should not have a significant impact on the outcome, but the ones that came after brought together the group whose morale should have been broken and kept the damage to a minimum.

Thinking that there was likely a very quick-witted commanding officer in the second group, Todd shuddered at that frightening possibility.

Todd: [There's no way, was arriving late also part of their plan?]

Out of sync, with each person fending for themselves, the empty-headed rebel army had charged in. Seeing the painful experience of the first group like that, without change, the battle was about to have ended with the national military's overwhelming victory.

However, after the first group lost powerful people, grew disheartened, and had their frenzied heads cooled, the nuisances that did not have the ability to listen to a discussion had been uprooted and lost.

In that case, to snatch a victory in the battle they had undertaken, the group had no choice but to join the ranks of the other party with a better chance of success and frantically perform for the sake of receiving a share of the leftovers.

Todd: [Is the second group the real contender, rather than the vanguard, which was full of idiots?]

Even when it comes to taking Arakiya as an opponent in battle, the real contender was likely to have countermeasures prepared.

It was hard to imagine that Arakiya would be defeated, but Todd did not think an opponent who could calculate to this extent would come without plans in hand for an assault on the Imperial Capital.

There was some sort of preparation for not only Arakiya, but also the guardians of the other bastions as well.

In addition, other than those guarding the bastions, the national military, whose role should have been only to hunt the survivors, was starting to spend time for the rebel's movements, even if it was not a hard fight.

It felt troublesome, as if eyes and ears that could see great distances, and even skillful arms and legs were attached to the brain of a demonic enemy.

It would be best to leave the strong enemies to Arakiya and the guardians.

However, Todd felt that the truly troublesome enemy in this conflict was something else.

Therefore――,

Todd: [――I've got to deal with the guys that are putting wickedness to work.]
