*This is a Work in Progress, everything is subject to change*

Serena: [――Ultimately, taking me into custody will keep the Dracroy domain from making a move. As I thought, you've got yourself a nice wife, Roswaal.]

Roswaal: [...I have already lost count of how many times I have had to correct you, but Ram is my serrrvant.]

Serena's comment, was unusually poignant considering the situation they were in, to which Roswaal replied bitterly, with a feeling of wanting to hold his head in his hands.

Two days ago, they visited Serena's territory, the Dracroy Territory, and asked for help in their search for people lost within the Vollachian Empire ――in order to secure the whereabouts of the missing Subaru and Rem.

Serena was a high-ranking count and had a wide range of contacts within the empire. It was hoped that she would be able to obtain highly accurate information on the condition of "a boy with black hair, black eyes, an undeniably conspicuous appearance,"

No matter where Subaru was whisked off to, it was hard to believe that Subaru would keep quiet, so expectations were high in that sense as well.

So, in a sense, it was both inevitable and unexpected that it happened that way.

Roswaal: [Ram, to be fair, the reason for this outburst is…]

Ram: [――It is Natsumi Schwartz.]

Roswaal: [Isn't thaaat right?]

The sounds spun by Ram's lips represented a name that was hard for Roswaal to ignore.

It was a distress signal from Natsuki Subaru, having been transported to the empire without any support, to someone who understood the meaning of the name ――Roswaal and Ram also quickly picked up on its intention.

Subaru's judgment in indicating that he was here was unusually praiseworthy. Yes, Subaru's actions themselves were without fault.

If there was a problem, it was on what "side" the distress signal came from.

This prompted Ram to resort to what could be called a surprising or outrageous act.

The result was Serena sitting on the couch with Ram's wand pointed at her. However, this can not be blamed solely on Ram's outburst.

Because――,

Serena: [――Is Natsumi Schwartz, the "black-haired maiden" leading the rebellion, the one you're looking for?]

Ram: [Technically, they are an added bonus for Ram.]

Serena: [But, it is not so for Roswaal. And what is not so for Roswaal must be extraordinarily important to you.]

Ram kept her mouth shut when Serena's behavior was curtailed by the wand being pointed at her.

Serena's train of thought remains sharp even as Ram continues to block her actions. She does not lose her composure even in this situation, and has a general grasp of the situation.

――"Natsumi Schwartz" was a pseudonym for Natsuki Subaru.

Although the exact meaning of the name is more complicated than that, if one takes the trouble to consider the reasoning behind Subaru's use of it in the empire, his intention in using the pseudonym is clear.

Roswaal, too, would like to respect that intention, if possible but――,

Roswaal: [Unexpectedly, they are on the rebels’ side…]

Even though he could pick up on the intention of using a pseudonym, he did not expect the direction in which the smoke signal came from.

Even so, the current rebellion, having occurred amidst being smuggled into the empire, has been a source of trouble. It is no exaggeration to say that it not only sprouted, but blossomed into a poisonous flower.

For better or for worse, it is truly Subaru-like that things don't go according to expectations.

Roswaal: [Ram, are you also under Subaru-kun's baaad influence?]

Ram: [That's unthinkable, not a single breath of Barusu's influence on Ram's behavior.]

Serena: [Even though this situation was the result of his actions in the first place?]

Ram: [Roswaal-sama, speak with Serena-sama.]

As soon as the situation takes a turn for the worse, she changes the subject and pushes for the initiative.

Closing one eye at Ram's boldness in speaking, Roswaal turned to face Serena once again.

At the moment, Roswaal and Ram had just been summoned to her office and had just heard her mention the "black-haired maiden,"

Roswaal, as a person who was searching for them, had already told her about Subaru and Rem's characteristics, so she was probably only conscious of the "black hair" part and thought it was just a topic of conversation. However, it was something that Roswaal and Ram could not miss.

Immediately thereafter, Serena insisted, "I, as a high-ranking count, have to make some kind of statement in the face of the problems that have occurred in the Fortress City of Guaral." ――Ram then moved to take control of the situation.

The bold nature of Serena, and the fact that she did not have her guard in the office was a disaster.

Her personal guard is waiting in the hallway outside the office, oblivious to the tension in the room. Of course, as soon as Serena utters a single word, they will storm into the office.

Ram: [If that happens, you will be sliced to pieces, Serena-sama.]

Serena: [Oh, how terrifying. I like it when I can tell you're serious and not just threatening, Roswaal, you.]

Roswaal: [You are not my spouse, you are my servant …that's enough of that. I'd rather make an effort to return to a peaceful rapport between the three of us, without changing the nature of our relaaationship.]

Serena: [How encouraging to hear you say "we," It's refreshing to see you trying to take matters into your own hands when you've been treating everything as if it's someone else's problem.]

Serena chuckled, and Roswaal sighed with one eye closed.

She was certainly right that it was no one else's business because of what Ram had done. It was not about the master-servant relationship or responsibility, but also an emotional issue.

And while Ram's action was certainly hasty, it was also an outrageous act of poor judgment.

After all, if Ram wasn't holding Serena――,

Roswaal: [Your pride and joy, the Flying Dragon Squadron, will burn the insurgents to the ground in no time.]

Serena: [――――]

Serena Dracroy narrowed her eyes thinly at Roswaal's words.

The "Flying Dragon Squadron," owned by Count Dracroy, was the Empire's premier attack force, flying at will with the numerous flying dragons that inhabited the Vollachian Empire.

Originally, flying dragon riders, who had the skill of "flying dragon following," which was a technique to follow flying dragons that do not miss people, showed overwhelming combat power on the battlefield. Roswaal understood this because he himself could fly, and he was capable of closing out most opponents. ――He understands that airspace control is the ultimate move to seize the battlefield.

Therefore, in the Vollachian Empire, the houses with the best flying dragon riders are more likely to be successful in the war.

Count Dracroy has excelled in this direction since before her predecessor, and is said to have had the strongest "flying squadron" under Serena Dracroy.

If she really moved the "Flying Dragon Squadron," the rebellion was nothing by comparison.

Serena: [You are unexpectedly in the form of a rebel army of seekers, and I don't want you to move my troops. But you can't just stand here and stare at me forever, can you? How can you obey me?]

Ram: [Serena-sama, what about your family?]

Serena: [It's pointless trying to find a relationship. I haven't had a good relationship since Roswaal rejected me.]

Ram: [Roswaal-sama?]

Roswaal: [I don't take jokes seriously. In general, the relationship between the kingdom and the empire's great nobles is impooossible. Serena, this is not the time to be joking around.]

Even without Roswaal and Serena's relationship, Ram wasn’t very patient right now.

Although it was hard to tell from a quick glance, Ram strongly regrets the events at the Pleiades watchtower, blaming herself for losing Subaru and Rem and separating them.

There was no doubt that her impatience was behind this extreme behavior.

Roswaal: [Let's not provoke Ram unnecessarily, and let's try to land on a good footing with each other.]

Serena: [A nice mutual landing, huh? Then what exactly do you guys want?]

Roswaal: [――――]

Serena: [No fool flies a flying dragon without a destination. That thing is inefficient and its riders are precious. If you want to call it a fool's errand, that is exactly what I mean. You know how hard I work. Don't you?]

Serena looked at Roswaal with her chin rested against her hand, as if testing him.

Since it was highly likely that Subaru had joined the rebel forces and that Rem is also there, it was not unreasonable for Ram to have made a quick decision. Blaming him for that in itself is meaningless as long as time cannot be turned back.

If they wanted to, there were ways to harm Serena and take advantage of the chaos to break out of their territory.

But it would be foolish to abandon the original goal and create unnecessary enemies. Even in an empire where strength was the rule, soldiers were not so foolish as to be pleased when their masters were defeated by deceit.

While the rebels may welcome the idea of reducing the power of Count Dracroy with her "flying dragons," Roswaal wondered if the act will be worth the head of his old friend.

Of course, Roswaal would not hesitate to take Serena's life if it was a necessary sacrifice for the sake of his aspirations.

But if it’s a sacrifice that isn’t necessary then he wouldn’t go out of his way to do it.

Therefore, the words that Roswaal offered to Serena were――,

Roswaal: [――Here is one thing, why don’t you join us in joining the rebellion?]

Serena: [Huh]

Roswaal: [Then the conflict between you and us will be resolved. If our goals are the same, there will be no reason for Ram to point her wand at you.]

Serena's eyes widened as Roswaal said so with his hands folded in front of his chest.

The look in her eyes was one of surprise, dismay, and some curiosity. She didn't say something completely off the mark in the sense that she was interested.

With that in mind, Roswaal began to work out his relationship with her.

Serena: [Everything will be fine, you say, but that's only between us. What awaits you is an invitation to civil war. My lands have been relieved by the His Excellency the Emperor, so what's the use of getting into trouble――]

Roswaal: [――I have no complaints with His Excellency the Emperor. Are you sure about that?]

Serena spoke reasonably about the security of her foothold, but Roswaal interrupted her mid-sentence and looked her straight in the eye.

As a High Countess of the empire, she was a talented person with a great sense of humor, even though she appeared to be a bold and open-minded person. That was why he had to look her in the eye when he told her this.

???: “When you're talking to someone, look at the face of the person you're talking to!”

These words suddenly crossed Roswaal's mind.

Unexpectedly, He felt like he was pushed by those words――,

Roswaal: [I didn't spend the last two days peacefully here eitheeer. While you're busy, I'd like you to listen as much as possible.]

Serena: [So you've been busy eavesdropping instead of staying up all morning drinking with me.]

Roswaal: [I recommend that you change your lifestyle of drinking until morning with that amount of work.]

As one would expect, conditions were different on a day when guests were welcomed and in normal times, but even so, it was his earnest wish as her old friend that she kept her drinking down.

Anyway, Serena's liver worries aside, Roswaal showed off what he had been hearing. The secret situation in this Dracroy territory was――

Roswaal: [――I heard that the assassination attempt the year before last, in which the "Nine Divine Generals" were rumored to have been complicit, has been lingering for quite some time.]

Serena: [――――]

Roswaal: [I heard that the one from the "Nine Divine Generals" who carried out the incident and lost his life was a flying dragon rider… who was also under your command. His name was…]

Serena: [――Balleroy Temeglyph.]

Saying this in a low, quiet tone of voice, Serena interrupted Roswaal.

She still kept her chin resting against her hand, however, the heat in her eyes changed from before. The color that had been enjoying this situation somehow disappeared, and it became a calmness reminiscent of the surface of a windless lake.

With those still eyes, she looked over at Ram, who was diagonally behind Roswaal.

Serena: [Put down your wand, Ram. I’ll talk.]

Ram: [But…]

Roswaal: [Ram, do what she says. Serena doesn't go back on her word.]

Ram reluctantly lowered her wand as Roswaal held his hand.

Of course, Serena didn’t blame her for her caution, although she can quickly reposition herself. She simply turned her face towards the window and looked up at the view that spreads out there ―― or rather, at the sky.

 Flying dragons flapped their wings and flew freely through the sky.

Serena: [Does it feel free? This sky.]

Roswaal: [...From what you're saying, it doesn't seem sooo.]

Serena: [The empire, water, soil, air, even human flesh and blood, all belong to His Excellency the Emperor. Even the sky is no exception to this. ――Who said this?]

Roswaal: [I think it's hard to limit it to who it iiiis. After all, that's what everyone thinks.]

Roswaal shrugged, and Serena simply replied, "Yes,"

The name she mentioned―― Balleroy Temeglyph, was a former member of the "Nine Divine Generals" and the perpetrator of the assassination attempt on the emperor that took place in the imperial capital the year before last.

He was originally a highly valued employee of Serena in Dracroy territory, and it was said that he was a promising young man who was promoted to the rank of general due to his extraordinary ability and outstanding skills as a flying dragon rider.

Naturally, Balleroy's turning on the emperor also put Serena, who had promoted him, in a bad position.

Although her rank of High Countess was not even taken away, she was not well remembered in the Imperial capital, and the expectations placed on the flying dragon squadron she possessed were lost, and she was not given a chance to recover.

And finally, instead of Balleroy, a new member joined the "Nine Divine Generals"――,

Roswaal: [――The Flying Dragon General” Madelyn Eschart, wouuuld be my guess.]

Serena: [She has never served in the military, but was recommended by the prime minister to become a general, and is said to be a surprising dragon rider. For a dragonkin who can control a flying dragon without the secret art of "dragon flying," it would be a roundabout way of going to the trouble of training a rider to become a dragon rider.]

Ram: [That's not the position of Serena-sama, who has a flying dragon corps.]

Serena: [Oops, don't underestimate my flying squadron. It's good and bad that they don't need riders. It is true that it saves time and effort in training, but the tactics of a riderless flying dragon can only be left to instinct. On the other hand, a flying dragon rider has an understanding and application of tactics.]

Ram: [――――]

Roswaal: [Although, the dragon in question seems to crush them with violence in numbers.]

Even Roswaal did not know the details of Vollachia's secret "flying dragon training"―― the art of using a ferocious and unfriendly flying dragon. However, it was said that it takes a talented dragon rider to train a single dragon.

In other words, a flying dragon rider must be paired with one flying dragon and one person.

In contrast, the existence of "The Flying Dragon General," who can follow countless flying dragons in a short time, was the natural enemy of Serena, whose strength lies in the flying dragon corps.

Serena: [Balleroy had been my confidant for a long time. If he defied His Excellency and even pointed a spear at him, it would be inevitable that the blame will fall on me. But――]

Ram: [Whether you are willing to suffer that humiliation is a different story, isn't it?]

Serena: [――. Every single thing you say tickles the pit of my stomach.]

Ram: [Thank you.]

Ram gave a monotone thanks, and Serena exhaled deeply at her words.

Serena did not deny what Roswaal and Ram had pointed out, each voice with its respective questions. By the time she had had Ram lower her wand, she had more or less resolved herself.

That was a sign of her willingness to talk on an equal footing, rather than divulge the circumstances after being threatened.

In other words――,

Serena: [――Even with all this, you guys didn't mean to cause trouble while you were here, did you?]

With those words, Serena Dracroy touched the white scar on her face and smiled fiercely.

Her smile, overflowing with wildness, was the same one Roswaal had seen in his younger days when he met her, the ambitious one she had shown before she stole the position of head of the family from her father.

However, now her smile was directed not at her father, whose eyes had clouded when his daughter began to steal the trust of his retainers from him, but at the fearsome being who ruled this vast Empire――.

Roswaal: [――I see, Serena, you are]

Seeing that smile, Roswaal belatedly realized his misunderstanding.

In an attempt to prevent the situation caused by Ram's snap decision from getting worse, he had tried to guide Serena's thinking by clarifying the position the Dracroy territory had been placed in, but he had made a mistake.

There was no need to steer her in the direction of supporting the rebellion.

Even the rise of the rebel army with the "Black-haired maiden" was nothing more than a trigger for her. Serena had already decided where she would stand, and in her own way, had shown consideration for Roswaal and the others.

She showed consideration in her own way by not dragging in an old friend that had come to look for a missing person and did not know anything.

However, Roswaal and the others had thoughtlessly stepped into the opposing camp. Without realizing the Magic Stones had already ignited, they poured additional mana in.

In other words――,

Serena: [I was as careful as I could be. Only once, would it be alright to regret having a clever wife. Or maybe, that you went around and turned down my marriage proposal.]

Roswaal: [Serena]

Serena: [Don't worry. If I were to reveal your identity, I'd be suspected of having colluded with the Kingdom. In that case, a two-front war would be insane. If I'm going to do it, I'll fight a battle where there's a chance of winning.]

Control of the discussion was stolen, and the situation with Serena had reversed.

Since their positions overlapped, there was no reason for Roswaal and the others to harm Serena. On the other hand, Serena had the time to do whatever she wanted with Roswaal and the others, who had their own circumstances.

Ram: [Roswaal-sama, might it be...]

Roswaal: [Aah, we've completely stepped into the hunting grounds of a beaaast.  ――Serena, if we hadn't broached the subject?]

Serena: [In that case, I would have given you the appropriate hospitality for a few days, and then let you escape outside before the civil war was in full swing. But if I'm invited to fight together by an old friend, then there's no helping it, right?]

Roswaal: [Shameless...]

It was unclear whether she had intended to act in concert with this rebellion, or take action in some other way. Nevertheless, Serena had already decided to rebel.

They did not know whether that was anger at the Emperor's cruel behavior, or connected to the fact that her confidant lost his life.

If only one thing was certain――,

Serena: [There are far more people than expected that have built up discontent towards the peaceful reign of His Excellency the Emperor Vincent Vollachia. Once a great fire rises, it will spread all at once.]

Roswaal: [...Might you have any idea what that fire would beee?]

Serena: [I wonder what it could be. You're the one with an idea, aren't you?]

Chuckling, Serena seemed to have an ace up her sleeve that Roswaal did not know about.

On the other hand, although it was unclear how much power he could display in this unfamiliar land, Roswaal also had an idea about a single point he could not leave to chance.

If it was him, no matter what predicament he fell into he would get through it one way or the other. All that remained was who he met in that predicament, how much he wished to save them, and how his influence would spread.

Or perhaps―-,

Roswaal: [――Is it possible to set the whole empire ablaze, Subaru-kun]

If that were to happen, how should Roswaal move?

Of course, for his long-cherished wish that must be fulfilled, it was necessary to return to the Kingdom without damaging his honor. Even if that was not the case, there were the promises he exchanged with Subaru.

It was unilaterally imposed on him, but he was not Subaru, who could nullify it. The future that someone else lacks is something that is difficult for him to accept, as he has decided to pick up the pieces. A thing like someone's lost future was difficult for him to accept when he had decided to pick up everything.

Even without his promise to Roswaal, he would probably struggle as much as he reached out.

Then at the very least, Roswaal would only move to reduce the number of such attempts.

It was just a matter of not letting Subaru realize things had turned out in an unwanted way,

Serena: [Well, thanks to Ram endangering my life, any ill feelings have ended up vanishing. I'll forget about my duties for today and open a celebratory drink?]

Ram: [Having pointed the wand, it might not be Ram's place to say this, but are you sure about that?]

Serena: [We both needed to cultivate stronger unity toward the same goal. That's why we should drink and get to know each other. Considering who we're going to challenge, it's a very natural activity.]

Serena nonchalantly invited Ram to have a drink with her, with a face that blithely forgot her previous outburst.

Ram was unusually perplexed by Serena's big-heartedness, as she seemed to be relieved that she no longer had to hide things from Roswaal and Ram.

That said, it was unthinkable that Serena would trick Roswaal and the others here with her mouth-watering tricks and make a foolish imitation of them.

In doing so, Serena would risk her own strength and even her own life in exchange for Roswaal's freedom in the empire.

Serena: [So, are you going to wait for the fire to go out? Or will you be the fire?]

Roswaal: [I at least know where I stand. No need to rush; it's not far off. ――Or is it your nature to stay put?]

Serena: [...that’s not true.]

Roswaal: [Right? Me too.]

Although both parties may have had different "burning hands" in their minds, they seemed to have had a similar perception of what they were thinking of.

Roswaal crossed his arms thoughtfully as he noted that fact. Serena, meanwhile, had nonchalantly gone to her display cabinet and begun to choose a drink to start talking.

Ram: [Roswaal-sama, in the Fortress City of Guaral.]

Roswaal: [In terms of position, Emilia-sama and the others are closer to us, attacking from the east. The same rumors will be heard over there, so if they can join us, they will. Of course, it would be frustrating for you.]

Ram: [...no]

Shaking her head, Ram replied with bottled frustration.

She must’ve really wanted to be reunited with Rem as soon as possible. If rumors of Subaru have started in the Fortress City of Guaral, Rem was most likely to be there.

On the other hand, even with Roswaal's flight magic, the pain of striking out was frightening.

Finding people in a wide empire required a certain mind-numbing rationality.

Roswaal: [So let's wait and see. As she says, we'll be on fire.]

Ram: [――Yes.]

With some hesitation and her wavering voice, Ram nodded her head in a healthy manner.

――A few days later, the "fire," as Serena Dracroy called it, broke out.

The momentum of the rebellion, led by the son of Emperor Vincent Vollachia, spread throughout the empire and also to rebel groups in various regions.

Among them, it was said that the first to declare their intention to join the rebel army was the High Countess Dracroy, and it was said that besides the Fierce Lady, there was an unknown good-looking man and a lovely servant.

