*This is a Work in Progress, everything is subject to change*

???: [In the past few days, a heavy atmosphere has spread in the mansion, hasn't it.]

Nervously, Rem murmured softly at the sense of tension in the air.

The dry air and cold winds brought in from outside seemed to be mixed with faint human unrest and irritation, things that gushed out on the battlefield.

Although it was only for a short time, Rem had more or less experienced the battlefield more than once.

If one yielded to that feeling, the tension they experienced on their skin would increase day by day, waiting for the moment to explode. Even the soldiers guarding the mansion appeared to be steadily growing restless.

Sure enough, that, too, was probably the influence of this situation.

Rem: [I heard that the rebel army has the upper hand...now rebellions are taking place in various parts of the Empire. The Imperial Army has been hard-pressed to deal with those, and haven’t been able to move proactively or something like that.]

Ironically, what had ended up being the catalyst for those rebels' simultaneous uprisings was the battle at the Fortress City of Guaral, which had been the cause for Rem and Flop being abducted ――the Imperial Army's all-out offensive, which even mobilized the Nine Divine Generals, had been narrowly staved off by the hodgepodge rebel army.

The rebel army――it was a complicated way of referring to them for Rem, who knew that Abel, the one leading them, was the real Emperor, but she had heard that those resistance forces were continuing to grow.

They had heard a rumor praising the invulnerability of the city, which splendidly repelled the merciless attack by the Flying Dragon General, and said that the Imperial Army and such that was helplessly driven away was not worth fearing.

Rem: [It could perhaps be said that they’re not lying, but...]

From Rem's perspective as someone involved, the retreat of Madelyn, who led the flying dragons, was not for strategic reasons, and it was questionable to argue that the side of the city damaged to that extent was the winner.

Of course, from the rebel army's point of view, a victory was a victory, and there was also no reason to pass up the perfect chance to spread around whatever they wanted. Indeed thanks to that, rebels from all over took advantage of the momentum of the rebellion.

Strategically, there was nothing strange about it. ――Really there was nothing strange about it.

There were also other major causes for the rebels getting excited.

Rem: [――――]

There was a reason other than the Fortress City's narrow victory that was part of the context for the rebel's rebellion showing unprecedented success. That was the union with the ruler of the Demon City of Chaosflame, General First-Class Yorna Mishigure.

The defection of a General First-Class known for her high ability despite her fickleness had sparked the rebel's momentum.

And that, in particular, was Abel's plan from the start, as well as the plan of Natsuki Subaru, who went with him.
Rem: [...He could’ve just been following along, and there's the possibility he wasn't useful.]

What proportion of the events that had taken place had Subaru brought about?

After mentioning the possibility that he had not been useful for anything, Rem herself admitted that those words were not persuasive. Hypothetically if she assumed he had been useless, that would be the case where all of Subaru's words and actions were blocked.

And since she could not imagine Subaru shutting his mouth and not moving in the slightest, he surely accomplished something or another. ――Or possibly, he even made a General First-Class change sides.

She thought that something like that was indeed overthinking it.

Rem: [Really...?]

An undeniable premonition made her ask herself that question.

The rebels had risen up simultaneously, and the Empire's foundations were shaking like ever before. Winds filled with the scent of blood and steel were blowing in the Imperial Capital as well, even reaching Rem and the others who had been taken captive.

To what extent had Abel foreseen this situation?

Rem: [Was even the original hostility directed at himself part of his calculations?]

He had probably even calculated that with the rebellion spreading and the rebels shouting out one by one, the military strength for fighting the fake Emperor in the Imperial Capital would assemble.

Subaru, too was being used as a pawn to implement that plan of Abel's.

However, even Subaru probably had not been told the plan's full details. To that end, Subaru was nothing more than a pawn to be used for Abel's goals. ――She would not say that she did not know the reason why.

She had not been shameless enough to disregard being deceived like that,

Rem: [――――]

At this rate, would the small rebellion that had initially started in the village of the People of Shudraq engulf the entirety of the Empire and turn into a political upheaval that would still be spoken of in the distant future?

If so, how would Abel and Subaru, who were at the center of it, end up being spoken of?

And in the midst of it all, just what exactly should she accomplish――.

???: [――Hey]

Rem: [Ah…]

???: [What, are you just dawdling? Y-You're the one that said you wanted to do it. Properly, yes, properly take responsibility and do it until the end.]

With those words, Rem's consciousness which was lost in thought, was called back, and she blinked her wide eyes.

When she looked, near Rem was a woman whose dark brown hair was being fiddled with――Katya was there. She had been staring sternly at Rem through the mirror on the dressing table in front of her.

Her unruly hair was tangled around Rem's fingertips. That was only natural, as Rem had been right in the middle of doing Katya's hair.

Rem: [Sorry. I was thinking about something.]

Katya: [Even if you hadn't told me, of course, everyone's always thinking about something or another, aren't they? Don't report every single thing like this that sounds like an excuse.]

Rem: [――――]

Katya: [――Ah, it's not really that you shouldn't say that, but]

Perhaps thinking she had gone too far, Katya awkwardly corrected herself.

Rem, who had been feeling apologetic, inadvertently ended up feeling something like pleasantness at the attitude of the girl who looked like a small animal with her eyes cast down.

Katya Aurélie ――a woman held captive in Prime Minister Berstetz's mansion and, just like Rem, was under house arrest.

Unlike Rem, who had been brought along as a healer for a wounded Flop, and after that continued onto house arrest due to Berstetz's concerns, it seemed she was here under different circumstances.

It was not that they had exchanged the details of each other's circumstances, but compared to the beginning, even being able to talk like this meant they had considerably let down their guards. Katya had the kind of personality such that if anyone happened to say anything, she would get angry like a raging fire, and the distance they had tried to reduce would end up doubling.

Katya: [...What's with that face? That face of yours is irritating.]

Rem: [Sorry. Even now, I also haven't properly gotten used to seeing it either. It's like it's someone else's face.]

Katya: [C-Could you not say scary things? When I hear that story of yours about having no memories, I get scared because I don't know if you're serious.]

Sullenly glaring at the mirror, Katya brought her own finger to her mouth and bit it.

When something happened, Katya had the habit of biting her nails like that. Rem had only known her for a short while, but for better or worse, when she felt on edge she would often do that.

Biting her nails, Katya's reproachful gaze was reflected in the mirror as she glared at herself and Rem standing behind her. Behind the woman sitting in the wheelchair, Rem had also once again stared at her reflection in the mirror on the dressing table.

After all, what she had told Katya was an exaggeration.

Even Rem, without her "memories," had long since accepted that this was not someone else's face, but her own. She could not afford to snap at everything she could see and touch.

If she even doubted the kindness from Louis and the People of Shudraq, Medium and Flop, Priscilla and Schult, and the others, what was left for her empty self?

Since she knew that, even the very first person to lend her a helping hand, that's enou――.

Katya: [...You're good at doing hair.]

Rem: [Eh?]

Katya: [Like I said, you’re in fact good at doing hair. Originally, before you forgot everything, maybe that's what job you were doing or something...there's no way. I-I said something stupid. Forget about it. Forget it. Forget it.]

Looking away from herself in the mirror, Katya blushed at Rem, who had been simple-mindedly doing her hair. It seemed she had praised Rem's skills, since Rem had finished doing her hair before she had noticed.

Using both hands to softly hold steady the pigtails hanging down on either side of her head, Katya glared at Rem, her lips trembling.

Katya: [You're dawdling again...The person I'm talking to is bored. In that case! Don't bother me like this, and go to someone else, yes, someone else.]

Rem: [No, everyone else in the mansion is in the middle of work.]

Katya: [Then, am I the only one with time on my hands? And then, coming to me...]

Rem: [It's not like that. Please don't embarrass me.]

Katya: [Which one of us...!]

Turning the wheel of her wheelchair, Katya fled to the back of the room. There, biting her nails and glaring upward, she was as ferocious as a cat whose territory had been violated.

Rem's unclear attitude made Katya uneasy.

Rem: [Katya-san, I am sorry for the misunderstanding. I didn't come to Katya-san's room because she was the only one free in the mansion.]

Katya: [Then, then, what are you saying?! Why did you come to me…]

Rem: [That is…]

Asked for an adequate reason, Rem thought for a moment.

As she had answered Katya, Rem did not take her position lightly enough to seek a boredom-fighting partner in this situation. However, after a little contact, she realized that Katya was not a particularly important person, nor did she hold any of the empire’s secrets.

From Rem's point of view, who was in a hurry to do something, there was no doubt that there was little to be gained by interacting with her.

Still, Rem actively tried to get involved with Katya because――,

Katya: [Wha, why? Tell me! If you won’t say…]

Rem: [I think it’s because Katya-san and I are friends.]

Katya: [――――]

Rem: [Katya-san?]

She seriously tried to look inwards and search for words that seemed to fit, but all that came out were such rough ideas.

Rem didn’t have much of a calculating mind when it came to Katya. So, she couldn't give Katya a reason why she wanted to be there.

Rem would be in trouble if she couldn't convince Katya.

Katya: [Fhrend… Who the hell is Fhrend!]

Rem: [Huh? Ah, that’s not someone’s name. Fhrend means friend.]

Katya: [Fhrend… Huh, frien, d…?]
TL note: Katya thinks ユージン is Eugene and not 友人. yes, the bit is trash we will come up with something on the full release

Katya looks wide-eyed in astonishment, as if she has heard an unbelievable word. Katya's reaction made Rem suddenly think that referring to her as a friend was too familiar.

To begin with, the relationship with Katya was one that Rem was forcing on her.

It may have been a bit rash to call the relationship that developed between two people unwillingly placed under house arrest in Berstetz's mansion friends.

Rem: [I’m sorry, that was self-serving. It’d be better to say “fellow under house arrest” or “associate under house arrest”...]

Katya: [...friend!]

Rem: [Yes?]

Katya: [I said we’re friends. I said it… It’s not particularly good, but still…]

Putting both hands on her face, Katya said so while looking away.

When Rem blinked at those words, Katya exhaled "ah,"

Katya: [But if you don't like it, you know, you can stop anytime?]

Rem: [I understand. Then…]

Katya: [You, you want to stop?]

Rem: [I don’t want to stop. No, I mean that Katya-san and I are friends.]

Unexpectedly, Rem nodded, hoping that the person in question agreed. Katya’s eyes widened, then she pulled her hair down, bit her nails, and muttered, "Yes.”

Rem had analyzed that she bit her nails when her emotions were frayed, but now that she bit them in front of her, did she offend her or make her anxious?

However, it looked like she didn't feel bad, so Rem decided to reconsider why she was biting her nails.

Including that hard-to-understand part, Rem felt that Katya was someone who could not be left alone. Rem didn’t know much either. However, this would be enough to meet the requirements of a friend.

Katya: [...Despite that, you, that is…]

Rem: [That is?]

Katya: [Yes, umm, that! …You seem to know a lot about the rebellion out there.]

Katya, who had been biting her nails and closing her eyes, changed the subject as if she suddenly remembered.

For a moment, Rem was confused as to what she was saying, but quickly realized that she had just been lost in thought while doing Katya's hair.

Rem: [I’m not sure if I know enough about it to say I know much about it, but I have an interest in it because I was originally brought in from a place where there was fighting. Are you different, Katya-san?]

Katya: [...there wasn’t fighting, but. But, I don’t want to think about it too much. My older brother… My stupid brother died, and I hate war.]

Rem: [――Oh]

Dropping her gaze, Katya muttered while intertwining the fingers of both hands in her lap.

The death of Katya's brother was not news to Rem. He must have been very important to Katya. She often spoke of her dead brother like this.

The most recent part of Abel's rebellion resulted in the death of Katya's brother. Perhaps his death was not unrelated to the battle in which Rem was involved.

Rem would also hate fighting if someone close to her died. Even now, she wished that there was no conflict.

Rem: [Still, even if I block my ears, it won't go away. I was told that Katya-san's fiancée is also on the battlefield. I’m sure you’re worried.]

Katya: [Him…! He won’t die no, no matter what. However]

Rem: [You thought the same of your brother, right?]

Katya: [――――]

Perhaps it's something that can't be avoided if you're born into this empire, especially if you're born into an aristocratic family.

Her brother died in battle, and her fiancé also went off to war. Rem had mixed feelings about going into battle as an Imperial soldier. ――Abel would show no mercy to his enemies.

The same was true even if the soldiers were formerly supposed to be his subordinates.

Rem: [It’s strange…]

To begin with, Rem is not inspired by nor in agreement with Abel's philosophy.

Originally, she was taken prisoner in the Imperial camp, and Subaru enlisted the help of Abel and the People of Shudraq to take her out of there. In order to pay off that debt, Subaru cooperated with them--Rem also acted with them in an effort to make amends, but there should have been no obligation to do so.

Yes, it shouldn't have happened, but it was already in the past.

Rem: [For Louis-chan, Prescilla-san, Mizelda-san’s group, Flop-san, and so on…]

The people with a connection to Rem, people who took care of each other, had a relationship where they looked after each other.

Such people share the same path as Abel. Before she knew it, Rem's heart was also hard to leave there. But such things did not concern either the hostile imperial soldiers or Katya.

If Katya knew the reality of Rem's situation, would she forgive Rem?

Katya: [――――]

Due to Katya grieving the loss of her dear brother, Rem did not have the courage to confide in her.

Katya: [...You?]

Rem: [Ah, no, it’s nothing. If I seem to know the details of what’s going on outside, I think it's because of the people who have recently gathered at various places.]

Katya: [At various places… Ah, those guys.]

Hearing Rem's story, Katya's voice lowered a notch, and her eyes grew stern.

That unsettled reaction by Katya was understandable. To begin with, Katya was shy and distrustful of people, and it took a lot of effort for Rem to approach her.

From her point of view, it was unwelcome to have more and more people in the mansion. And even more so when it was a flag of rebellion gathered from all over the country.

Rem: [Do you really think there are so many of them? Among them, His Excellency the Emperor’s…]

Katya: [――illegitimate child]

Rem:  [...I’ve already been found, so I’m not hiding anything.]

Interjecting in reply to Rem, Katya makes an uncomfortable face.

Again she thought it redundant, but Rem didn't pay any attention to it. But Rem didn't care. The meaning of the word was more captivating than that.

In Berstetz Fondalfon's mansion, in a separate part of the mansion where Rem is also under house arrest, a large number of youths from the battlefields throughout the empire had been assembled.

――All of them are teenage boys, a trait shared by the "black-haired crown prince,"

Katya: [There were all these stories about how strange it was that His Excellency doesn't have a son; well, there was…]

Muttering this in a hushed voice, Katya reminded Rem of the time when she met Berstetz one-on-one right after she was brought to the mansion.

Berstetz, who ousted Abel from his throne and replaced him with a false emperor, attributed his rebellion to Abel's failure in his role as emperor.

Their neglected role was the lack of an heir to the throne.

Katya: [His Excellency didn't take a queen, and …all the previous emperors have had many spouses and children …then they determine who will be the next emperor.]

Rem: [That is the conventional practice to do so. And yet, Abel-san, …no, Emperor Vincent did not abide by that. Then there were rumors of a "black-haired crown prince.]

Katya: [It seems that you are saying that the empire cannot be left in the hands of His Excellency. Ridiculous.]

Rem: [Ridiculous, is it?]

Rem raises an eyebrow at Katya, who mutters with heartfelt hatred while looking downward.

Katya's rebellious remarks, which seemed to be more about anger at the people with whom started the war than irritation at the causes of the war.

Rem: [Katya-san, how would you rate Emperor Vincent?]

Katya: [I, I would never presume to rate His Excellency the Emperor as anything less than great! …but, in an empire where the strong dominate, there is no place for someone like me, and …While there's no fighting, there's a difference between the two. So it was easy.]

Rem: [Easy…?]

Rem's eyes were downcast as Katya stammered and faltered as she revealed her feelings.

That didn't seem to harm Abel's ability, and Berstetz said that he wouldn't have contemplated rebellion if it hadn't been for the heirship thing. In fact, the empire has been at peace for so long that there are probably more than a few with opinions like Katya's.

While there is no fighting, there will be fewer people risking their lives.

Katya's brother died as soon as the fighting started, and her fiancé was dragged off to the battlefield; from Katya's perspective, it would be difficult to have a good impression of the war.

However――,

Rem: [I don't think there's a real Crown Prince anywhere to be found here.]

Whether or not Abel really has a child, Rem came to that conclusion.

Hearing Rem's answer, Katya asks why in a hushed voice, "Why?" Rem, looking away from her, draws her chin back to meet her gaze.

Rem: [Everyone who is trapped in that separate building is said to be the "Crown Prince" …or at least that's what they called themselves, having participated in various rebellions around the country.]

Katya: [That, That's what I'm hearing too, but …is that, that it?]

Rem: [It seems to me that a situation where a man claims to be the son of His Excellency the Emperor, instigates a rebellion, and then is taken prisoner prematurely, is a situation that is not very well thought out.]

Hard to say with certainty to Katya. There are too many circumstances and information that she cannot provide.

The "Crown Prince" was taken prisoner at various battlefields and captured alive for fact-finding. This is the position of those who have been gathered together in a separate building and are waiting for their time to be judged.

Since Rem already knew the character of Abel, the real emperor, he would be more cautious when it came to his child. At least, she didn't think he was foolish.

In the first place, if one were to support the side of the rebels, one would be cooperating with Abel, who is leading them.

If the father and son are working together to oust the fake emperor, it is hard to believe that the "crown prince" who has been so easily captured is the real one.

Rem: [Of course, there is no way to be sure…]

Rem does not say that their thoughts and impressions were absolute, either.

Even Abel is not all-powerful. There may be times when, by some mistake, he may be captured by the enemy and forced into a position where he cannot move. However, being defeated in battle and taken prisoner is a different story.

If there was a calculated plan to include getting captured, she might consider it, but it is not clear that one of the "crown princes" in the separate building planned to do so.

Katya: [I, I am by no means confident. What are you, …His Excellency the Emperor?]

Rem: [――. I have never met them. I think they would insist on it. However, I wonder if many people have the same opinion as I do about the "crown princes" in the separate building.]

Katya: [Just being propped up and deceitful? What's the point of such an awe-inspiring thing…]

Rem: [...It's probably just a good way to recruit people.]

Being the emperor's biological son would be the best possible pretext to claim the throne, and, thus the best possible publicity stunt.

From what she has heard, there are no instances in the Vollachian Empire in which the imperial throne has been superseded by usurpation. However, the logic of the empire does not forbid usurping the imperial throne.

If one seizes the imperial capital, takes the throne, and beheads the emperor, that person will become the next emperor.

It is very convenient to support the next candidate for Emperor as a pretext for gathering the necessary manpower to carry out such a plan.

Rem: [In addition, the 'crown prince' has never been seen publicly, and we don't know anything about him except that he has black hair and black eyes, which makes it a matter of saying so.]

Katya: [...Um, who are the people who started saying that?]

Rem: [I guess it means they're part of the rebellion…]

Katya's question makes her think not of the captive "crown princes" but of the people who may have been around him. Those people, if we can call them " comrades," would not have been able to get away with it, since the "Crown Prince" was taken from them.

There is only one destination for those who defy the emperor.

Katya: [They get the advantage of, and then killed or arrested for it. …stupid people.]

Rem: [Katya-san…]

Katya: [Wha, what?, Did I say something wrong? Or did you just say you're a hostage too? Are you saying that they are better than me?]

Katya's voice falters as if she is having a tantrum, causing Katya's eyes to tear up.

Perhaps the reason why she insists, in a particularly hypocritical way, that she is different from those who are in separate buildings is that, to the contrary, she has found commonalities between them and herself.

Katya often curses herself for being unfit because of her awareness of her captivity and the remorse she feels that it is a burden to her relationship ――her fiancé.

Rem: [――――]

Because Rem knows how she feels, she doesn't know what to say.

If she said that was not the case, she would be called deceptive, and if she said she understood, she would likely be insulted for being arrogant. There was no real feeling that the distance between them had been shortened enough that she could relieve Katya's heart without arguing.

Not knowing what she should say, Rem gripped her cane in frustration.

And then――,

???: [――Your chirping is annoying, girl.]

Rem: [――――]

With those words, a terribly cold voice echoed through the room, and Rem and Katya held their breath. ――No, Rem was done, but that was not enough to finish Katya.

Shocked, Katya's wide-eyed gaze was turned behind Rem to the room's window that looked out onto the courtyard. The voice had come in from the window, so in other words, the owner of that voice was there.

Katya made direct eye contact with the other person, and ended up completely frozen in place.

Katya: [Ah, uh...]

???: [Don't be hard on the ears. Don't be hard on the eyes. Before this dragon, it is disrespectful.]

Wide-eyed after having let out a ragged breath, Katya was struck by a cold voice. As if her whole body was being gripped tightly by that voice, Katya's throat had not even been able to respond properly.

At the sight of Katya trembling violently, Rem bit her lip and turned to look back.

There――,

Rem: [――Madelyn-san]

Madelyn: [Healer-girl, what are you doing here? You should have duties. Did you get carried away in the absence of this dragon?]

Rem: [That was not my intention.]

With the focus of that strict voice was directed towards herself, this time, Rem was the one feeling intimidated. However, Rem defended Katya behind her from that gaze and faced her opponent head-on.

Standing in the courtyard outside the window of the room was a petite girl in lovely clothes and two black horns growing out of her head――Madelyn Eschart.

She was one of the Nine Divine Generals, and the person responsible for bringing Rem to this mansion. Time and again, Rem was surprised at the sight of the girl returning after leaving the mansion on Berstetz and Vincent's demands.

Not because she had appeared. Because of her fierce appearance.

Madelyn stood confidently in the courtyard stained with sticky black blood.

Rem: [Is that blood? Are you injured?]

Madelyn: [Don't change the subject. This dragon should have told you to heal that man's wounds.]

Rem: [I'm not changing it. Flop-san's wounds are being properly handled step-by-step. More importantly, please answer me. That blood is ...]

Madelyn: [――. It's not this dragon's blood. It's the blood-spattered from this dragon's victims.]

Madelyn pulled at her clothes with an annoyed frown and answered Rem's question. The crackling sound it made was probably because the dried blood had already stuck her clothes to her skin.

Rem gasped when she was told that the vast amount of blood had been spattered. In what possible way could you have hurt someone else, or perhaps how many people would you have had to hurt to be bathed in that much blood?

Rem: [Have you been fighting?]

Madelyn: [A fight is something done with an opponent you recognize as an equal. Do you think there is anything that could stand on equal footing with this dragon? What this dragon has been doing is hunting. Hunting with bothersome limitations.]

Rem: [Bothersome...]

Madelyn: [Let the black-haired ones live. Kill the rest.]

Rem could not respond carelessly to Madelyn's straightforward manner of speaking.

However, she understood that Madelyn had accepted the duty of bringing back the "Crown Princes," imprisoned in the separate building, from the battlefields all over.

Sure enough, Berstez was probably the one who ordered the securing of the "Crown Princes."

Given the original purpose for bringing about the rebellion, if Abel truly had an illegitimate child, that fundamental reason itself would end up disappearing.

Rem did not know whether Berstetz feared that or welcomed it.

She did not know but――,

Rem: [If he’s saying to capture, not kill]

If a real "Crown Prince" was found, she had a feeling that the old man would die satisfied.

That was a supposition that chilled Rem's heart.

In any case――,

Rem: [So, did you return to stick another "Crown Prince" in the separate building again? Or, to make sure I was not slacking as Flop-san's healer?]

Madelyn: [Chattering, does this dragon have a reason to chat with you? You, don't get carried away. At this stage, even without you, the Imperial City has plenty of healers...]

Rem: [Will those healers keep things secret? If the Prime Minister hasn't appointed them, finding such a person will be very difficult.]

Madelyn: [――You, don't get carried away.]

Rem, unintentionally forceful in her reply, was not trying to be pushy, but Madelyn stepped up to the window and narrowed the pupils of her golden eyes, as if she had been offended by it.

At the sight of this fierce, chilling presence, Rem felt a slight shiver run down her spine.

Katya: [Id, Idiot! Don't say anything you don't have to! It, it’s not true at all!]

And then, with squeaking wheels, Katya rushes out in a great hurry.

Katya, her pale face whiter, turned to face Madelyn through the window, her throat quivering under her gaze.

Katya: [You, You don't have to take anything she says seriously. Don’t worry …about it! She, she just doesn't know what she's talking about, because she forgot everything; she's an idiot.]

Rem: [Ka, Katya-san…]

Katya: [It's stupid, but it's better to stay, so, so don't do it. …Um, properly! I'll let you do your job properly. And I'll fix that blonde hair, too…]

Rem calmly caught her breath at Katya's frantic choice of words. Madelyn's eyes narrowed at Katya's intensity, and stared at her.

Rem waited for Madelyn's next move, ready to protect Katya with her body, in case there was an overly dangerous expression on her face.

And then――

Madelyn: [--Don't defy this dragon, such a weak creature like you. There will be no next time.]

Katya: [Hee.]

Madelyn placed her hand on the window sill and squeezed it as she spoke indifferently. With a violent sound, Katya's throat catches as the stone is crushed with a light touch.

However, despite finding Katya's attitude to be inexcusable, Madelyn seems to have decided to let it slide――.

Rem: [Please correct what you said, calling Katya-san a weak creature. A weak person would not have chided you like that.]

Katya: [S-Stop! Stop, idiot! Die! Idiot! Stop!]

Rem: [Katya-san! But...]

Katya: [But nothing, stop! Die! Stop!]

Katya collided with Rem, who was walking with her cane and had tried turning around to face Madelyn. Since she was frail, she could not put her body into it, and even Rem could easily stop it, but since after that, Katya looked desperate as she extended her arms, naturally, Rem could not shake herself free.

As for Rem, she had wanted Madelyn to retract her excessively condescending statement, but if Katya, the person the remark was about, desperately stopped her like that, there was nothing she could do.

Madelyn snorted and turned her back on Rem, who had, had thus abandoned her direct request.

Madelyn: [Watch your mouth, girl. I'll seriously arrange for a replacement healer.]

Rem: [Please wait. Where are you going?]

Madelyn: [To that man's place. This dragon needs to talk with that man.]

Rem: [If you are going to Flop-san's place, please go after you've washed off the blood and changed your clothes. Since he is injured, you need also to take care of his feelings. Please think about it.]

Madelyn: [You...]

Without hesitating, Rem declared that to her back when she was about to leave. There Madelyn once again made an unpleasant face, and Katya said, "Die!", pulling on Rem's sleeve.

However, Rem could not die, and she could not let Flop die.

Covered in blood as she was, it would be extremely filthy and unsanitary. No matter the common sense of the dragonkin or the Empire, on that alone, Rem would not compromise.

Rem: [Take a bath.]

Madelyn: [...Got it.]

Rem: [Please also change your clothes. We have lots of cute clothes to change into properly...]

Madelyn: [I said I got it! Persistent girl!]

Baring her fangs and raising her voice, the intimidation in Madelyn's scream struck Rem, and incidentally Katya, like the wind and made them hold their breath.

Still, Madelyn also probably understood that she should not go against Rem's instructions. That was Flop's major achievement for having tamed her well.

Some day, would he be able to get Madelyn to change sides in that way?

Madelyn: [Don't look at this dragon with insolent eyes, girl. ――Everything you scheme is futile.]

Rem: [I don't think you can say it's futile. No matter what you do.]

Madelyn: [That's not what I mean. I'm saying there’s no time to do anything.]

Rem: [No time?]

Tilting her head, Rem narrowed her eyes and tried to search for the true meaning of Madelyn's words.

However, there was no need for her to search for the true meaning. Madelyn should have hated Rem, but even still, perhaps because of the dragonkin's pride and way of life, she hated things like lying and deceiving.

Therefore she properly explained clearly the meaning of the words she had said.

She had said.

Madelyn: [The opportunity to settle the score with those who defied the emperor is near. It was for that purpose that this dragon was called back. ――Your role also ends there.]

△▼△▼△▼△

With these seemingly despairing words, Madelyn left the garden.

She did not head straight for Flop's room, so presumably, she would follow her advice and bathe, change her clothes, and then visit his room.

In itself, Flop would welcome her, and Rem has no reason to stop her if he was not harmed.

However――,

Rem: [――The decisive battle against the rebels.]

Katya: [Sh, she didn’t say where…]

Rem: [――――]

Biting her nails and wondering about Madelyn’s movements after her departure, Katya shared Rem’s fears.

The concern she had was about the decisive battle between the Imperial Army and the Rebels――its time and place.

From Madelyn’s words, she indicated that it was not far off. But where will the location be? Is there somewhere suitable for an all-out confrontation?

With rebels rising up all over the empire and battlefields scattered here and there, if you could prepare to take down such an opponent in one fell swoop, it would be――.

Katya: [...Sheesh, they really are just idiots. You too. You’re a big idiot!]

Rem: [Katya-san…]

Katya: [Th, that was one of the “Nine Divine Generals,” a dragonkin who doesn’t understand the conversation, right!? And yet, that kind of behavior could’ve resulted in death! If you want to be stupid, go ahead and die on your own! Die, you idiot!]

Katya blamed Rem in a tearful voice, replacing the anxiety of waiting with the frustration of the immediate situation.

Unlike Rem, who was somewhat prepared for this, it had pushed Katya too much. In fact, if Katya had not intervened, it was quite possible that Madelyn's anger could lead to Rem getting hurt, if not killed.

Rem: [My apologies, thank you. But I couldn't keep quiet after she said bad things about Katya…]

Katya: [L, like I care! I'm used to being told what to do! And yet, that kind of idiot…]

Rem: [It is ridiculous to get used to being told what to do. So no matter how many times you say it, I would argue the same way again in the same situation.]

It was not a good feeling to hear Katya belittling herself. Still, humiliation had its due reason and consideration. But Rem couldn't bear to see the blades that others turned on her.

――How selfish I am, looking back at myself.

Rem: [Because I think so.]

She knew it was selfish, but she didn't want to cease having a voice.

Katya's eyes blinked repeatedly, and her mouth fluttered at Rem's answer.

Then she glared at Rem with sharp, teary eyes and bit her nails.

Kayta: [I, I don’t care… I don’t care about what you’re saying! St, stop it. Just stop. We’re not friends. For me, just stop…!]

Rem: [No, I should have the choice of whether to stop. I refuse.]

Katya: [Such a one-sided conversation!]

Rem smiled wryly as Katya retorted to her, with her throat choking up.

While softening the tightness in her chest slightly, Rem thought.

――If the decisive battle that Madelyn mentioned, if it is so close at hand.

Rem: [...What can I do?]

What can my empty self do to have an effect?

It was the only thing that kept Rem's heart pounding so badly.

