*This is a Work in Progress, everything is subject to change*

She took off her robe and stretched out her arms and legs while always trying to stay ladylike.

???: [――――]

She kicked the ground strongly and sent her supple body flying forward. The feeling of the gallant golden hair cutting through the wind was pleasant, and she cautioned herself in her mind as she ran across the grass.

This was a battlefield, a place where many lives would collide with each other, a terminus for lives that would be scattered.

Even though she knew this in her head, the scent of blood that slipped through her nostrils and the numerous fighting spirits that reached her through the air tried to lift the heart of Frederica, who had turned into a beast.

Frederica: [It is disgusting…]

Without looking away from her exuberance, Frederica muttered with an emotion detached from her instincts.

Fortunately or not, Frederica had not suffered any notable disasters despite being a member of the camp and standing beside the great vortex.

Certainly, no disaster had passed that was comparable to when the old Roswaal mansion burned, where she and Garfiel had met for the first time in over a decade, during the fight with Meili and her female counterpart at that time. In a real sense, such a hopeless battlefield is one in which one's life is in jeopardy.

Whether she liked it or not, she realized that she had had a rather peaceful time in a way.

The blood that flowed within her, the mixture of human and beastly natures, was biased. Without sufficient awareness and consciousness, it would be easy to lose sight of what was important to her.

What troubled Frederica was a kind of fate tied to her half-beast body.

An instinctual appeal that her brother Garfiel could unconsciously control at a high level. Frederica was very annoyed with her own inability to control it.

The source of the blood that shaped her seemed terribly vile and merciless――.

Frederica: [――I do not have time to feel sorry for myself. Garf and Emilia-sama, as well as Petra and Otto-sama, are doing their best.]

Finishing the conversation within herself, Frederica faced forward while snarling at her animalized limbs.

Both the exuberance that swept over her and the anxiety about the uncertain future were negative emotions induced by Frederica's own uncertain position within her camp.

――Naturally, Frederica and her comrades were represented by Emilia.

Although each one in the group had their own opinions on their strategy, Emilia would ultimately make the final decision. Moreover, Emilia herself was a powerful Spiritual Arts User and could be relied upon in a fight.

Garfiel was perfectly competent as a military officer, and Otto set the course with his good judgment in a neighboring country that had entered a state of war. Both Garfiel and Otto were a little overwhelmed by Subaru's absence, but the former sought opportunities to vent on the battlefield, while Petra handled the latter well.

Frederica: [If you become too dependable, I will miss you too.]

Although she mumbled sulkily, Frederica was proud of the growth of the girl she loved like a little sister. Being accompanied by a feeling of loneliness was a kind of indulgence.

Otto, using his "Divine Protection of Soul of Language" and listening to every living thing around the battlefield, had probably gained the most information in this great upheaval.

Petra, standing by his side, was applying her newly learned yang magic――which would improve both physical and mental functions, to herself and Otto, reducing the repercussions of overuse of his Divine Protection while also helping them discern the information he gathered.

Petra, who has been learning as a new maid under me for the past year, has grown incredibly through her own tireless efforts, in addition to her memory and her ability to complete tasks.

In terms of her level of growth, she probably is the best in the camp, surpassing even Emilia and Subaru.

While still young and forbidden to step onto the battlefield because of her immaturity, she is not spoiled and seeks a role, supporting Otto, who is in peril, and fulfilling her unique role.

I am proud of her. At the same time, I should reflect on myself.

I cannot fight like Emilia and Garf, and I have neither the intelligence nor the ability to assist like Otto and Petra.

However, suppressing my burning instincts, I run across the battlefield as a beast, wondering what I am doing.

Frederica: [――――]

Using his Divine Protection to the fullest and dominating this battlefield.

That is what Otto was prepared to do and, in fact, Frederica believed was happening. Thanks to Otto's efforts, which leaned on Petra's assistance and minimized thinking about the future, the collected information was brought to Abel's headquarters one after another.

Abel, who grasped the ongoing events and changes that were taking place, expanded the tactics that could be assembled, and the battle of the rebel army changed. ――Certainly, to his advantage.

Of course, Abel's instructions did not reach all of the rebel army.

The other rebels, who had begun fighting without waiting for the arrival of his group, which included Emilia and her party from the walled city, showed no signs of coordination or cooperation.

However, it was Otto’s and Abel's opinion that this frustrating situation would not last forever, and signs of that were already beginning to appear.

The rebels, carried away by the momentum of the uprising, attacked the Imperial Capital in one fell swoop and were met by the "monsters," the elite chosen by the Emperor who ruled the Empire.

The rebels would have been hit head-on with their strength and were shocked and horrified by it.

If we could only get them out of the state where the only thing they see is the immediate enemy and the glory that lay ahead, we could expect them to listen to us.

During the frustrating time until that happened, Frederica could only――,

Frederica: [――I found you! Taritta-sama!]

Taritta: [――Hk!? What!?]

A moment later, Frederica rushed over to the person she was looking for on the fast-changing battlefield.

Taritta turned around and widened her eyes in shock at the sight of the four-legged beast running furiously, kicking at the grass. However, her agitation was short-lived as she picked up her bow with a terrifyingly cold eye, and the tip of the nocked arrow was pointed hesitantly at Frederica――,

"待テ、Taritta。味方ダ"
???: [Wait, Taritta. It’s an ally.]

It was Mizelda, holding her sister's bow from above, who saved Frederica from being nearly shot through the air. Seeing Taritta's eyes widen at her sister's words, Frederica landed on her feet and apologized in a loud voice, "I am so sorry!"

Frederica: [Please excuse my appearance. I am Frederica.]

Mizelda: [I see, it’s you, huh? ――You’re a beautiful beast. If I didn’t know it was you, I'd want to skin you and display your fur in the village.]

Frederica: [Huh, I should take that as a compliment, right? Oh, I have something to tell you. ――This is a message from the head of the main camp, Abel-sama.]

Facing Mizelda, who had crossed her arms, Frederica went straight to the point despite feeling troubled by her praise.

Frederica turned into a beast and ran across the battlefield, where a rain of swords and bullets flew about, to serve as a messenger. She had come to pass along the information that Abel had scrutinized, which had been gathered by Petra’s supporter, Otto.

Mizelda: [From Abel… what did he say?]

Wary of the presence of the enemies guarding the star-shaped citadel and its five bastions, and fearing a melee with the rebels who had set out ahead of her, Taritta, who had been on the offensive, leaned forward.

Although the combat power of the "People of Shudraq" was threatening, their true strength lied in their ability to fight in groups, and they could only be truly effective when they were prepared for a situation that could be described as “hunting.”

They could not take full advantage of their strength in the field on open land.

If these girls could climb over the wall, the defenses of the Imperial City would be quickly reduced. For that reason, the selection of the wall to attack was considered important.

And that was――,

Frederica: [――The third bastion, in the judgment of the main camp, is where the need to pierce a hole is greatest.]

Mizelda: [The third...over there?]

After receiving the message that had been handed down, Mizelda turned her eyes to the rampart in question.

In the distance, the group of rebels that had taken the lead had grabbed onto the walls one after another, and attempted to get over the sturdy rampart that protected the Imperial Capital of Rupgana. However, seemingly slicing through that fervor, the blasts and screams mocked the attitudes of those that had merely recklessly leapt in, and showed how mercilessly they would be cut down and discarded.

There was no doubt that powerful beings guarding the Imperial Capital were positioned at all five bastions. However, the reason the third bastion could be a hole was――,

Mizelda: [――. A stone man seems to be moving.]

Taritta: [Is it the Steelman? However, there should only one be one of the "Nine Divine Generals."]

Frederica: [――――]

Frederica was struck speechless at the sisters that conversed nonchalantly as they gazed at the rampart in the distance.

Frederica was a half-beast, and on top of that, now, in her beast form, she had better eyesight than usual. Even so, she could see nothing other than the cloud of dust that hung over the wall the pair were gazing at.

Though they were a tribe that hunted for a living, she had once again felt disgusted at her own inability.

Mizelda: [Frederica, what did Abel and the others say about the dolls?]

Frederica: [――ah, yes, well, Abel-sama said that they were the troops of Moguro Hagane, one of the "Nine Divine Generals".]

Taritta: ["Nine Divine Generals"...]

Gazing off into the distance, Taritta's cheeks stiffened after she heard those words.

Frederica painfully understood the reason for the slight tinge of anxiety in her mutterings.

Naturally, since Taritta was going to participate in the decisive battle for the Imperial Capital, she must have considered the possibility of a clash with a member of the "Nine Divine Generals." However, even if one considers the possibility, there is still a certain uneasiness that cannot be dispelled.

In the same way, the fear of the "Sword Saint" will not disappear even if one knows that he is not there.

Mizelda: [Taritta, don’t worry]

Taritta: [Sister…]

However, it was Mizelda who chuckled at her sister's tense appearance. She clapped her sister on the shoulder with authority, her powerful eyes shining brightly.

Mizelda: [Even if it's against a "Nine Divine General," we will never be outdone again. If it's a Nine Divine General, I'll make up for it, and if it's not a Nine Divine General, then I'll be pissed off. Is that a problem?]

Asking Taritta with a shrug of the shoulders, Mizelda shows her right leg ――which has been replaced below the knee by a wooden stick.

Frederica couldn't decide if these were words of true madness, Frederica couldn't tell, or if they were meant to encourage her sister――,

Taritta: [――No, it’s not a problem.]

Taritta blinked once, then twice, and nodded, and the next moment, with blinding speed, she drew an arrow and nocked it to her bow, and shot it right over their heads.

Immediately afterward, Frederica looked up at a shrill cry heard overhead, and saw a flying dragon spinning and falling to the ground a short distance away from the three of them.

The arrow that hit the flying dragon under its chin reached all the way to the top of its head, killing it. While Frederica was blindsided by her overwhelming archery skills, Taritta exhaled and,

Taritta: [When the time is right, we will breach the wall ourselves. If we get past the walls, we win.]

Mizelda: [So, as expected, of the chief of the Shudraq. ――Frederica, what about you?]

Mizelda turns to Taritta, nodding her head in satisfaction at the determined look on her face. Frederica, who was almost overwhelmed by the air of the sisters, came to her senses at the mention of these words.

Frederica: [I will tell others what I have just told you. If all those who are willing to listen to me will gather in one place.]

Mizelda: [One hole breaks the dike.]

Frederica: [Yes. ――A hole will be a new wind.]

That is the policy of the Emilia camp and what Frederica must do.

Because she knows that she is still in a somewhat peripheral position in the camp, so she is determined to do the best she can within the scope of the role she has been entrusted with.

Frederica: [Taritta-sama, Mizelda-sama, please have good luck in battle. Never throw your lives away."]

Taritta: [Yes, Frederica, be careful too.]

Mizelda: [If you die, your pelt will be passed from Shudraq to Shudraq for generations.]

Frederica: [Unfortunately, I have no plans to give it to you!]

Freed from the little bit of tension, Frederica ran off while the sisters looked on.

Like a gale, she kicked through the grass and ran ahead to relay Abel's instructions; the collaboration between Petra and Otto cannot be in vain.

In turn, this will help Garfiel and Emilia in their struggle, and also Subaru and Rem, who may be in the Imperial Capital.

Frederica: [But for now, I just have to keep on running.]
              
△▼△▼△▼△

Leaving a slight trail of swaying grass and lingering shadows, the beastified Frederica disappeared.

She was a golden leopard, a four-footed beast that bore no resemblance to her original tall beauty, yet was so refined that even a hunter would have to admire her beauty.

According to the information provided by Frederica, Taritta and the others are ready to mobilize the Shudraq to challenge the third bastion.

And just when she had made up her mind to do so――,

???: [――tsk, I can't cut through it! There's too many of them in the way!]

With a crude voice, a man with an eye patch holding twin swords drops from the sky.

Dexterously handling his two long swords, the man slashes away the wings of a flying dragon and then jumped to the side of the flying dragon that fell with him, and cut off the dragon's head as it tried to bite him.

A brilliant sword strike, and the one who unleashed it and turned around was――

Mizelda: [Jamal. Your face does not satisfy me when I look at you.]

Jamal: [I don't know what you're talking about! I'm so sick of this shit! If we don't get into the Imperial Capital somehow, then I'll never know if Katya's safe or not. …Todd, you bastard, I hope you're protecting her.]

Jamal barks, sputtering and swearing, and scratching his dark brown curly hair.

An Imperial soldier captured in the fortified city, he is in the rare position of joining forces with Abel after learning of his true identity, but nonetheless, he is a man of great ability, though unfortunately, his face, which reveals his mean nature, was not to Mizelda's liking.

Taritta, however, can't help but feel that he has left his family behind in the capital, so she can't help but understand how he feels about his feelings of frustration.

in any case――,

Mizelda: [We, however, would take what we can get from the other rebels.]

Jamal: [I already know that! That's why I'm going to end this ridiculous joke by chopping off his fake highness's head as soon as possible.]

Mizelda: [I have something good to report to you, my motivated friend. I've got some good news for you. I've been told the third bastion is where we’re targeting.]

As Jamal stomped his feet, Mizelda revealed Frederica's earlier message to him. Hearing this, however, Jamal frowned with a, "What?".

Jamal: [Target? Who told you that?...]

Mizelda: [Abel, It seems.]

Jamal: [Tell me about that, and fast! Oi! You guys, get ready! We're going to the third bastion!]

Jamal was quick to switch gears, and he quickly began to put together a group of soldiers who were in the same situation as he was ――having joined them in the fortified city.

His voice is loud, his will is clear, and he possesses a genuine sense of prowess. He is a "General" in his own right.

Seeing Jamal's back, Taritta moves to catch up.

Taritta: [Sister, we also need to call, Kuna and Holly to get ready…?]

When they called out, Taritta involuntarily choked up.

Eyes widening, Taritta reaches for something that flutters and falls before her eyes. Gently, Taritta reaches out her hand, and something white disappears in less than a second.

It is a white light ――no, it is a cold grain of ice, a snowflake that slowly and furiously dances across the sky of the burning battlefield.

Taritta: [Why is this happening?]

Mizelda: [――. Well, guess you didn't see it, Taritta.]

Taritta: [Sister?]

Beside Taritta, who is stunned by the presence of snow, which she sees for the first time in her life, Mizelda nods her head.

For some reason, unlike Taritta, Mizelda, however, seemed to know exactly what she was seeing; in fact, she recognized it.

Mizelda: [It’s Emily.]

Taritta: [Emily…]

The name Mizelda gave was that of the silver-haired girl in the same camp as Frederica.

It is still fresh in Taritta’s mind that she told them that she is a half-elf, yet somehow she is the one who is causing this snow to fall. For what purpose is she doing it?

Perhaps because she had experienced something outside of her imagination, Taritta felt a slight shiver and gently hugged her own shoulders.

Mizelda: [It's a big world out there, and too often Shudraq's chiefs and former chiefs come together too often, we are left to get beat up. This snow is no different. Besides.]

Mizelda, who was looking up at the falling snowy sky, turned her gaze in the other direction. It was the grass Frederica had stepped on earlier, and the direction in which she had disappeared.

The thought of an unexpected messenger, who, without losing her breath, continues to carry the latest information from Abel across this vast battlefield――,

Mizelda: [――A beautiful beast keeps us alive. Wherever we go, it is the hunter's delight.]

She praised her counterpart for underestimating herself too much.
